# 20. Home

# 20. Home
At the last moment, Ryouta and his editor had managed to land a show in Mitakihara to show the photodocumentary. It was not a coincidence that the other artists in the show were either magical girls, or closely related to one. He was now joining Emma and the other Earth-bound magical girls on their flight out of Samsara.

"I can't believe you have more luggage than us," said Emma, shaking her head at Ryouta's small train of mechanized trolleys.

Ryouta made a small whining noise. "It's not that much!" he protested, folding his arms huffily. "I just have my drones, a suit and a tuxedo, a bit of local wine for gifts, camera equipment, some other equipment, a few accessories..." He paused, then laughed sheepishly. "Er, I guess it is a lot…"

Emma coughed, stifling a laugh and leaning up against the wall of the starport. Their scramjet was still inbound, but the two of them had arrived early. The walls and ceiling were decorated by large murals, the signage integrated into the scenes and made to look like they had been painted on. The war had left its mark, however, and the hallways had been cleared out of potted plants or benches. The overhead lamps had been exchanged for bright lighting rods.

"How long will it take you to prep for the show?" asked Emma.

"Mmmm, depends," said Ryouta. He put his hands in his pockets, frowning thoughtfully. "In principle, just a week or so, but Nii-san's wedding is coming up soon, and there's probably a few other social functions I'll need to attend as well."

"Oh that's right, I'm going to that wedding too," said Emma. She sighed. "Figures. I'd almost pay to avoid it, but they say your family always caters well."

"Ah, it's true that, ahem, Aunt Sayaka likes a good party," said Ryouta. "Especially weddings. She *loves* weddings."

"Eurgh," said Emma. "She's not going to be one of those types, is she?"

"I'm afraid so," said Ryouta, patting Emma consolingly on the arm. "It does help if you pretend you're dating someone though."

The two of them chuckled, then fell silent.

"So, um, speaking of dating," said Emma. "Do you have any new thoughts about us, since we last talked?"

"Well, in all seriousness, it would probably be to everyone's advantage if we were to be tentatively dating for the wedding," said Ryouta. "Aunt Sayaka would leave us mostly alone, it'd look like our families were getting along well, that sort of thing. I don't like the idea of having a relationship for purely political reasons, but it's useful in this case."

"What about Ayane?"

"I believe that Aunt Sayaka's policy on the matter is uh, quite liberal," said Ryouta. He coughed into his fist awkwardly and looked away, blushing a little.

Emma blinked, looked at Ryouta, then looked away as well. "W-well, that's- uh- *wow.*"

"Well yes, precisely."

"Anyway, yes, so, that makes sense, I guess," said Emma. "Have you, uh, heard anything from the Burnside-Sinclair Matriarchy?"

"Ah, yes," said Ryouta. "Congratulations, by the way, though the separation is a bit wide."

"Uh huh," said Emma. "The Burnside-Sinclairs are going to try and go for us then?"

"That's what it looks like, yes," said Ryouta. He shrugged. "I don't know what that means for you, or what would happen if you guys refused to join. From my perspective, HSIS gets incorporated under the Shizuki umbrella either way."

Emma huffed, mildly annoyed. "That's very reassuring."

"Sorry," said Ryouta, patting Emma's arm again. "Honestly, I'm not cut out for this sort of thing. Talk to your family some more about it?"

"Yeah, I'll probably have to when we get back," said Emma. "I guess I'll just ignore it for now."

"Sounds about right," said Ryouta, smiling, before falling quiet again.

The public announcement system dinged, announcing that flight zero-four-two-nine, with service to Malabar, was on time, and would begin boarding in half an hour.

"Oh, I got promoted," said Emma. She fished a small box out of the pocket of her uniform, opening the case for Ryouta to see the set of single-bars, plated in gold, that were inside. "They sent me the new pins this morning, just as I was heading out."

"Oh wow, congratulations!" said Ryouta. "Is it official and everything?"

"Yeah, the letter said that I was one of many magical girls getting promoted, and doing a single giant ceremony was too long. Apparently, they're going to do the ceremony on the ship, once we get underway."

"Ah, I should make sure not to put my tuxedo away then," said Ryouta.

"No, no, I don't think it'll be terribly formal," said Emma, blushing. "It's just one of those things so a ranking officer can pin them on."

"Still, it's important," said Ryouta. "I do still want to date you, Emma, and it'd be a bad show if I didn't treat this event like it was important."

Emma quickly looked away, laughing a little, and feeling her insides do funny flips. "F-fair enough then."

---
The rest of the group got there within the next ten minutes, Tracy, Vira, and Motya appearing as they'd promised to send everyone off. Mikoto was some combination of anxious and exhilarated, having never flown on a scramjet before, while also having no small amount of fear about flying about at Mach 7. Rebecca was on a different flight, as she was going back to her colony, but was there all the same to say goodbye. Then the flight began boarding, and they had waved and then strapped in for an uneventful flight.

The next few hours were also routine. Arrival at Malabar, followed by a short trolley ride, then up the space elevator and onto the shuttle to the frigate, waiting for them in orbit. A few more minutes, and then the frigate executed its exit burn, then entered FTL. All very routine. All very quiet. Nothing at all like the last few weeks on Samsara.

The promotion ceremony came and went. It was routine, as expected, and amounted to little more than a brief recitation of everyone's accomplishments before the ship's captain pinned their new rank insignia to their lapels. Emma and Renee both made First Lieutenant, making them fully responsible for their respective infantry units. Those were still being sorted, older girls who were still on active duty having higher priority for processing than girls like Emma. Ayane was formally inducted into the Aer Magi as a member of Close Air Support, as was expected, receiving the rank of Flight Lieutenant, but being required to go through the full CAS Training Regimen as soon as she finished leave. They were all awarded a variety of badges that magical girls got after their garrison duty, a few more for participating in direct combat against the squid, and the Samsara Land Campaign Medal, awarded only to those members of the infantry who had participated in the defense of Samsara.

Afterwards, Emma found herself in the observation platform drinking whiskey again. She'd abandoned her dress uniform as soon as possible, lounging across a sofa with her tox-controls, and shoes, off and staring up at the FTL shell overhead.

"Are you drunk again?" asked Ayane, poking her head over the top of the sofa.

A small pause. "Yes," said Emma definitively. She sipped from her bottle, then raised it in salute. "Yes I am."

Ayane tutted disapprovingly. "Give me that," she said, stealing the bottle, then immediately taking a slug. "Fwoo, wow, that's strong."

"Heh, you like it?" asked Emma. She scooted to one side, giving Ayane some space to sit down.

"It's not bad, actually," said Ayane. She swung herself over the sofa back, plopping onto the sofa with a small grunt. "Kinda sweet?"

"Yeah," said Emma. Ayane's waist was just within reach of her feet. Giggling quietly to herself, she poked Ayane in the waist with her toe. "Anything else you taste?"

Ayane rolled her eyes at Emma, grabbing Emma's left foot and pulling it into her lap. "I'll tell you if you stop poking me."

"Mnyeh," said Emma, sticking her tongue out at Ayane. She pushed her tox controls up just a bit, to clear her head while retaining the pleasant fuzziness that came with a drink or two. The whiskey sloshed in the bottle as Emma watched the FTL shell undulate through the viewscreen.

"Mmm, smoke, and apricots, I think?" said Ayane.

"Yup. It's tasty, I think."

"It is."

Ayane took another swig, rubbing Emma's lower leg with her free hand in an idle motion that Emma was pretty sure Ayane didn't know she was doing.

"Do you have your tox filters on?"

"Nah."

"Really?"

"Well, the promotion ceremony's a good excuse to drink without them, don't you think?" asked Ayane, turning to smile at Emma.

Emma nodded, smiling back. "Absolutely."

They were quiet together, for a moment, Ayane's hand going slowly back and forth from Emma's ankle to midway up her shin.

"Say Ayane," said Emma, moving her foot to poke Ayane in the stomach. "You, um, remember what I asked you on the train out to Mangzhua Chuan?"

"About my previous relationships?" asked Ayane.

"Yeah."

"What about it?"

"What was it like, kissing a girl?"

Ayane gave Emma a confused look. "It was a kiss? I mean, kissing is… it's kissing, is all."

Emma rolled her eyes. "Yes, but, like, it can't be the same as kissing a boy."

Ayane opened her mouth to say something, paused, then set the bottle of whiskey down. "I- I could- if you wanted to do a comparison?"

Emma blinked. "Really?"

"Yeah."

"Well, okay."

Ayane turned, bracing herself on her hands and knees over Emma. It was strange, for Emma, since she was taller than Ayane and was used to looking down at the smaller girl. There was a moment of hesitation, before Ayane kissed her, and Emma was forced for a brief second to try and not freak out because that was totally Ayane's tongue, but then Ayane pulled away and Emma licked her lips and could taste the whiskey and Ayane and felt, for a moment, as if the world had spun onto a completely different axis.

"So?" asked Ayane.

Emma felt her mouth open and close like a fish. "Uh… how many girls have you kissed?"

"Just the one?"

"Really?" asked Emma. "You uh, you guys must have been pretty busy."

Ayane stuck her tongue out at Emma. "We didn't kiss that much! Just, you know, some making out here and there…"

Emma snorted. "Apparently, 'here and there' means 'everywhere'."

"No it doesn't!"

"You're using tongue!"

"W-well- it's- I-," stammered Ayane, before punching Emma lightly in the shoulder. "Well look, you liked it right?"

"Y-yeah, I guess so-"

"Then shut up and let me kiss you again."

"Eh-?"

Yes that was *definitely* Ayane's tongue, and Emma had no idea what was going on because she definitely hadn't expected Ayane of all people to go this fast, and there was a very important question now, that she had to answer, because she really was tempted to try and take Ayane's clothes off, but-

"Stop," said Emma, pushing back just a little on Ayane's shoulders.

"Sorry," said Ayane, pulling back again, "am I-?"

"No, no, just, bad place to do this," said Emma. "And, you know, the frigate's packed again, so we can't do this in our room."

"Ah, fair enough," said Ayane. She laid herself against Emma, pressing her head into Emma's chest. "So, results?"

"Er, not representative, unfortunately," said Emma. She reached up and began playing with Ayane's hair. "I uh, haven't managed to go that far with Ryouta at all, so…"

"Oh? Well, that means I win that part of the competition," said Ayane smugly.

"It's not a competition," said Emma, tapping Ayane on the head.

"Yeah, yeah," said Ayane. She shifted to cuddle more tightly against Emma. "We'll see."

---
The flight from Singapore had progressed with the most extreme level of blase that Emma had ever been so unfortunate to witness. Renee took an earlier shuttle to catch the scramjet out of Libreville, the space elevator closest to Paris. Emma, Ryouta, and Ayane took the same one for Singapore, but diverged once they reached the spaceport. Ayane would be going to Osaka and Ryouta to Tokyo. They had relatives to visit, Ayane to her parents and Ryouta to an aunt, leaving Emma and Mikoto alone for the flight to Mitakihara.

"So, my family should know you're coming," said Emma as she and Mikoto walked slowly through the arrivals lounge, looking for any sign of the Sinclairs. Their flight had landed late, around seven PM. "I sent them a message earlier, but it's been pretty chaotic lately, so I dunno how prepared they are."

"Ah, I don't mean to be any trouble," said Mikoto. She fiddled with the hem of her shirt as she followed Emma. "I can um, get a hotel room, or something."

"Nah, it shouldn't be that bad," said Emma. "If nothing else, it'd be impolite not to let you stay over one night before going to a hotel. And there's a lot of opportunities for communal living with other magical girls, which would actually probably be good for you."

"You think?"

"Well, Mitakihara has a lot of experienced magical girls," said Emma. "If you spend enough time hanging around them, you'll pick up something eventually. And the MSY probably has classes or something you can attend. You still need to go through basic training, but I guess I can teach you if we need to."

"Ah, thank you!" said Mikoto. She bounced once on her toes, humming cheerfully. "It's really exciting being here, actually. There's so much to do!"

"Heh, there sure is," said Emma, pushing her hands into her pockets to avoid ruffling Mikoto's hair. "Since you won't be turning thirteen in the immediate future, you have a while to get used to being a magical girl. No rush, unlike on Samsara."

"Ah, that's right!" said Mikoto. She grinned brightly, and Emma quickly grabbed Mikoto before the girl started dancing in place. "Eeee! This is so exciting!"

"Alright, calm down," said Emma, rolling her eyes. "You can squee at some older girls later. Let's concentrate on finding my family first."

Mikoto cleared her throat, blushing a little as she realized she was being somewhat embarrassing. "R-right, yes. So, you said they'd-"

"Emma!"

Emma turned on the spot towards the sound, hand already clenching to summon a halberd, but then dropping it as she spotted Anna waving from across the way. Behind her stood Emma's parents, James and Catherine, still wearing their work clothes, unruffled as always. Anna was wearing a suit as well, a look that surprised Emma but, in hindsight, was to be expected.

There was a strange moment while Emma's mind recalibrated. She was in Mitakihara City, a place that she'd forgotten about completely during her deployment, a place that she'd grown to distaste while in school for not being London, but also the place where she had made the most important decision in her life. Her family was standing, waiting for her, the short interval of time having created a vast change, somehow, that she hadn't foreseen. Her parents were slouching, just slightly, their posture speaking of worry and stress, but now also relief, as if they'd been given a chance to drop a great weight. Anna was crying, and was clearly holding herself back from running across the room as fast as she could, the hand that wasn't waving at Emma clenched tight against her side.

They'd all worried, waiting for her. They were still worried, not quite sure that she was back yet, because she was still just across the way and maybe they'd been overanxious and yelled at the wrong person, even though their nomenclators would have told them if it was really her.

Emma ran, crossing the distance as only a magical girl really could, yet somehow not bowling her family over as she collided into them. They collapsed into something that resembled a group hug, but messier and utterly disorganized. For a moment, they stayed there, before pulling back.

"Let's get a look at you," said Catherine, holding Emma by the shoulders and looking her daughter over. "You've gotten taller, I think."

"A little, yeah," said Emma, smiling giddily. "Just a few centimeters, but I should be leveling out soon."

"And wearing a uniform too," commented James, reaching out to run his fingers over the lapel pins that designated Emma's rank. "I don't even know what this means."

"These mean that I'm a First Lieutenant now," said Emma, glancing down at the pins, then back up to her father. "It's my first promotion."

"Moving up in the world then," said James, clapping Emma on the shoulder. "Good work."

Emma smiled wider. "Thanks."

"Ah, and this is Mikoto?" said Catherine, looking over Emma to where Mikoto was hovering awkwardly.

"Oh right, yes, this is Mikoto Albright," said Emma, stepping aside to introduce Mikoto properly. "Mikoto, these are my parents, Catherine and James Sinclair, and this is my sister, Anna."

"It's a pleasure to meet you!" said Mikoto, bowing quickly.

"The pleasure is ours," said James. "You're to be under Emma's care then?"

"Yes sir."

"I've gotten permission for Mikoto to be my mentee," said Emma. "I'll be overseeing her introductory training and such."

"I see," said James, glancing at his wife briefly, before turning back to the group. "Well, I understand it's a little late, so would you like to have dinner?"

Mikoto nodded vigorously. "I'm starved!" she said, before flushing. "Er that is, if it's not too much of a bother."

"Of course not," said James. He turned and lead the group out of the terminal.

---
After dinner had concluded, the family had spent ages talking. Mikoto had barraged everyone with questions about her sempai, and there'd been a few close calls where Emma had needed to change the subject quickly to avoid an embarrassing story or two. Inevitably though, James and Catherine had started to nod off. Mikoto had decided to catch a nap too, sleeping on Emma's bed since Emma was well known for sleeping on any horizontal surface available. Anna had been quietly drinking vast amounts of coffee to keep herself awake. Emma had noticed, of course, but it seemed that no one else had.

"Just you and me again," said Emma as they sat on the edge of their apartment complex's roof. "Almost makes me nostalgic."

"Heh, you mean for when Mum and Dad would leave us semi-abandoned for days on end?" asked Anna. "Didn't you hate that though?"

"Well sure, that's why I said almost."

Anna laughed and leaned back against her hands on the gravel surface. "They don't do that much anymore, just so you know."

"Really?"

"Yeah. Seems you really scared them. They said they were going to try harder to be better parents for the one daughter who hadn't gone off to war."

"Huh. That's decent of them."

"It is," said Anna. She smiled apologetically at Emma. "Sorry for taking advantage of it while you were off fighting."

"Nah, it's nothing to be sorry about," said Emma, rolling her eyes. "That's like apologizing for winning the lottery."

Anna laughed again.

"Any more visits from the Incubators?" asked Emma.

"No," said Anna. She sighed. "It seems my potential is gone."

"Good."

"Probably," agreed Anna. "And like I said the um, the one time, I think my wish would have conflicted with yours."

They fell silent, looking out the city. The lights of the city lit up the night bright enough that Emma's implants barely needed to adjust. It was a vastly different picture than Helsinberg, with every color and spectrum shining brightly in a vast haze of electromagnetic radiation.

Emma looked down, staring past her dangling feet into the maze of tubes below.

"What was it?"

Anna turned to look at Emma. "My wish?"

"Yeah."

"I…" said Anna, swallowing nervously. "I would have wished that you'd be safe."

Emma looked up in surprise. "Really?"

"Yeah," said Anna, smiling awkwardly. "I… it's kind of embarrassing. And super cheesy."

Emma scooted over and pulled Anna into a hug. "Thanks."

"W-what?"

"It means a lot," said Emma. "That you would have wished for that, I mean. I- it's been tough, obviously, and knowing that you care about me has… it's been important."

"Oh don't be silly," said Anna, rolling her eyes. "There's plenty of reasons other than me."

"But it has," said Emma. "I mean, sure, there are other reasons, and we've had rough patches, but I couldn't have made it without you."

Anna looked away, embarrassed. "Well, I'm glad."

They were quiet again. A breeze kicked up, blowing Anna's hair into her eyes.

"It's funny," said Anna as she got her hair to behave. "When we got the news you were coming home, I was scared."

"Why's that?" asked Emma.

"Well I thought-" began Anna, before she paused, looking thoughtful. "I thought that combat would have changed you, you know? I was afraid that I'd see you in the star port, and you'd be this person I didn't know. But I recognized you."

Emma nodded, looking out at the city again. It really was beautiful, even if they didn't have the best view. "Different clothes though."

Anna laughed, laying back to look at the sky. "Yeah, that's true. Different clothes."

It was funny, Emma reflected, as she looked over to her sister. They still looked the same, were within a millimeter of each other's heights. But she was wearing a suit, and Emma was wearing a uniform.

Emma lay down as well. The sky was clear tonight, with just a trace of cloud cover. High altitude drones flitted back and forth, and the occasional scramjet made its way across the sky with a long tail of fire behind it. High above even that, satellites and ships in orbit were visible. As they watched, a piece of debris began to deorbit, creating a bright streak of light in the night sky.

And far, far distant, glimmering through the darkness, were the stars. Stars that glittered brightly, so far and distant that they seemed to stay still, even as Earth hurtled through the void, rotating about its own star, which itself was hurtling too. All of them moving about, never resting, but, for a moment, just this moment, still.

"I'm glad you're back," said Anna, reaching down to take Emma's hand. She squeezed it gently.

Emma smiled, and squeezed back.

"It's good to be back."