<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>17. Counterattack</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>17. Counterattack</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>Light years away, a fleet stood poised. The array of ships, formed into a deep wedge formation, hovered in deep space.</p><p>General Roland Erwynmark lay within his command chair aboard the battlecruiser <em>Arminius,</em> his flagship. The 6th Fleet of the Nile had been reshuffled as a heavy strike force, to arrive in force at the system of New Amur. The general orders had been simple: destroy the enemy.</p><p>Easy to say, but difficult in practice.</p><p>The squid were counting on speed and power to overwhelm human defenses and take the core world of Samsara. Despite the massive advances they had achieved, the hoped for conquest of Samsara had not happened.</p><p>Now, when they were vulnerable and reorganizing for a more sustained push, was the time to strike.</p><p>It wasn&apos;t long now. Erwynmark&apos;s plans were laid, his officers ready, and the ships at full capacity. The General Staff had given him authority to begin the attack at his discretion just a few hours ago.</p><p>All that remained was for Roland to give the order.</p><p>Still, this was not an attack given lightly. Even under a certain degree of emotional suppression, even having served for years in this capacity, Erwynmark was given pause as he considered the potential for tragedy his attack would involve. His fleet could be destroyed. So to, could the system of New Amur be rendered uninhabitable. Even if he won, the 6th could suffer such horrendous casualties that humanity would never be able to recover. So much depended on the intelligence being correct...</p><p>Erwynmark sighed, and sank himself deeper into the command state. He was stalling, he knew.</p><p>A single word passed through his mind.</p><p>&quot;Begin.&quot;</p><hr/><p><em>Many thanks:</em></p><p><em>to</em> Hieronym, for help with setting compliance and general editing</p><p><em>to</em> Taerkitty, for assistance in portrayal of characters</p><p><em>to </em>Alfisti, for assistance in costume design</p><p><em>and especially to</em> Reviewers, for continued and enthusiastic support</p><hr/><p>Thank you all. This story could not exist without you.</p><hr/><p><em>Solemnis </em>has now ended. <em>Sodales</em> has already begun.</p><p>Follow me to see what the future will hold.</p>
</div></body></html>