<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>11. The Long Way &apos;Round</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>11. The Long Way &apos;Round</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>&quot;This is gonna be annoyin&apos;, Saoyeh. Can&apos;t you make it stay farther away?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I told you to stop calling me that!&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed as she double checked in combat gear. Vira and Motya relaxing about the situation had unleashed the cheeky brat in Vira. Neither Motya nor Ryouta was quite capable of keeping up with her wit. &quot;Saoyeh&quot; was a Chinese term for the son of a wealthy landowner or nobleman. While it did aptly describe Ryouta&apos;s position, it was also so hugely outdated that it could only be pejorative.</p><p>&quot;Vira, have you finished double-checking your gear?&quot; Emma asked as she pushed an arm guard into her backpack.</p><p>&quot;Yah yah,&quot; said Vira, poking at the camera drone flitting around her head with a combination of fascination and annoyance. &quot;Got my supplies and stuff packed away, my jumphook&apos;s working right, n&apos;my backpack&apos;s got cubes and grenades and my PDDs stocked.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Then stop screwing with Ryouta and wait by the cable jump,&quot; said Emma. She pulled her own jumphook onto arm and watched it attach and adjust itself over her costume.</p><p>The jumphook was one of those weird things that technically you could use magic for but was useful anyway. Getting from building to building in many colonies was problematic, since the prevalence of tubes in Mitakihara was really an Earth-thing. Going all the way to the bottom of a three hundred story building, possibly without power, then running a few blocks over to fight something was completely impractical, and the obvious solution had been to string cables between buildings for fast access between them. The jumphook snapped onto the polymer-alloy cable and used a wheel to accelerate the rider to potentially ludicrous speeds, snapping off automatically based on its programming or by manual toggle by the user. This way, soldiers and, by extension of the technology, supplies, could be sent between buildings quickly, if somewhat more vulnerably.</p><p>Magical girls, of course, could just jump or fly between buildings, but three hundred stories was still a massive fall that was really not all that preferable. In addition, the spacing between buildings was rarely even and narrow, which had potential for force a mage to use more magic than was strictly necessary in aeromaneuver. Running or sliding along the cables provided a better solution, and many girls preferred to do that. But, if you were trying to conserve magic, it was more economical to get a jumphook, the wristguards were adaptable, and use them to go between buildings.</p><p>It was also, in Emma&apos;s personal opinion, quite fun.</p><p>&quot;Yah, yah,&quot; said Vira, rolling her eyes but heading off to sit on the wall by the cable jump.</p><p>Emma stifled the urge to whap her upside the head as she passed and spun up her jumphook experimentally. It whirred as expected, and she nodded before shouldering her backpack.</p><p>&quot;How&apos;s the vision feed, Ryouta?&quot; she asked.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s fine, you&apos;re all transmitting well,&quot; said Ryouta, eyes glazing slightly as he focused on the triptych of video arranged in his visual field. &quot;The implant handshake was fine, but we&apos;ll have to wait to see how things go when I&apos;m in the subway before we know that it&apos;s recording properly. Thanks for this, by the way. I know it&apos;s kind of a violation of privacy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well we can turn it off, right?&quot; asked Emma rhetorically. &quot;Or our TacComps will cut the feed or something. It&apos;s a little creepy, but I think me and Vira will get used to it.&quot;</p><p>Motya shivered as she spun her jumphook, then pulled on her own backpack. &quot;You two are so weird. I&apos;m sorry if this sounds forward, but that software really is creepy, Ryouta.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, I know,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;It&apos;s just so very useful to me that I have to ask at least.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I understand, just&#x2026;&quot; Motya trailed off, shivering again.</p><p>&quot;Well Governance is always watching, you know,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s different, somehow.&quot;</p><p>Emma shrugged. It was what it was. &quot;Anyway, we need to get going. We&apos;ll see you later Ryouta?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m just going to take some photos before I go.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright. C&apos;mon Motya.&quot;</p><p>Emma and Motya walked over to the cable jump, Ryouta following behind with his camera.</p><p>&quot;A&apos;ight, we headin&apos; out?&quot; asked Vira, rocking to her feet.</p><p>&quot;Yep,&quot; said Emma. She put a foot on the side of the building and turned to face Vira and Motya. &quot;Before we head out, a few last things. Our path will pass through a stretch of an overland demon patrol route, and if we&apos;re lucky we&apos;ll get a chance to stretch our legs. Keep an eye out for anything suspicious too. You never know if you&apos;ll be the first contact for a squid incursion. Don&apos;t get lost and don&apos;t do stupid tricks that get you killed. We ready to go?&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya nodded. The former rolled her eyes at the short speech. The latter nudged her with an elbow, which drew a &quot;tch&quot; and an elbow back.</p><p>Emma fought the urge to roll her eyes as well, and stepped onto the cable. &quot;Let&apos;s go then.&quot;</p><p>One step two steps three steps then Emma reached down, latched her jumphook onto the cable, and let it pull her forward. The magic she&apos;d used to keep herself dry proved itself useful, scattering rain in front of her as Emma zipped across the avenue and landed in a skid on the opposing platform. A platoon seemed to be eating lunch as Emma flashed through, then snapped her jumphook onto the next cable.</p><p>Behind her, she heard Vira whoop and Motya stifle a shriek as they flew down the cable, landing with what sounded like a small tumble, then clacking on to the cable behind her. This particular cable spanned a large roundabout, which had been converted into an anti-air position.</p><p>&quot;Wow, that&apos;s a big laser,&quot; said Vira appreciatively. The two meter wide emitting lens, fixed into a six meter long focusing element and attached to what looked like a three bedroom Earth-apartment, spanned the entire roundabout. It left just enough room for vehicles to pass around the edge. &quot;What&apos;s that for, bombers?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, or large enemy ordinance,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Things&apos;ve been quiet this far back, since this isn&apos;t a bombing priority. Normally we&apos;d have to go around.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why not put it farther forward?&quot; asked Motya. &quot;It seems like it would be more useful near the front.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure, but you keep some in the back for security,&quot; said Emma. She swung herself upwards, rolling on top of the cable before detaching from it. She spun once and then, facing forwards, bounded across the slick rooftop and clipped onto the next cable. &quot;That way if you do see some bombers coming in, you can take care of it. They&apos;re also pretty static, AA Lasers, so they&apos;re vulnerable to getting hit with counterfire.&quot;</p><p>The cable swung upwards, beginning to see the cable divide and split off towards other buildings. Emma&apos;s jumphook automatically avoided the branches, clicking off and back on with a small burst of speed to maintain momentum. The building they were headed to was quite tall, among the larger buildings in Helsinberg.</p><p>&quot;Take a look to our left,&quot; said Emma. She nudged her charges mentally, pointing out the view. &quot;You can see the front from here.&quot;</p><p>A large section of southeast Helsinberg spread out beneath them as the jumphooks tugged them higher into the atmosphere. Emma felt a wave of apprehension sweep her as she watched the absurdly quiet front. &quot;Surprisingly static&quot; didn&apos;t even begin to describe what she was looking at. The only time Emma had seen lines that still and cleanly defined had been in the historical background of her cortical dump&apos;s Strategy and Tactics section.</p><p>The buildings behind the line were densely packed and rippled with activity. Long streams of delivery drones moved materiel up to the front, resupplying and stockpiling for whatever was inevitably going to happen. Armor was taking up defensive positions, and trucks were dropping off reinforcements, who quickly made their way into the wreckage for cover and further orders. Even shattered husks and smoking craters had soldiers in them, visual implants showing them conducting maintenance or taking time for lunch. In fact, from this high up, Emma could just make out the squid forces doing the same.</p><p>&quot;So much is gone,&quot; said Vira hollowly. &quot;I&#x2026; there was a bar over there where a friend used to work.&quot;</p><p>Emma looked back to see Motya begin to twist around, then think better of it. She looked up at Emma, frowning sadly, then looked back at the city. Well, that was probably for the best, unfortunately. Vira&apos;s resentment of the Helsinberg upperclass would probably make Motya&apos;s attempt to console her backfire.</p><p>&quot;What was the name of the bar?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;What was it like?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It was called &apos;Baracca&apos;s&apos;,&quot; said Vira. &quot;They were a pub, really, and did a lotta good food. There was this one thin&apos; they did, with bacon and apples. Fuckin&apos; amazin&apos; that. It&apos;s a bit far for me usually, but sometimes I&apos;d get a stretch where nobody&apos;s got any work for ya and homework&apos;s all sent off for gradin&apos;, so I&apos;d walk or take the bus over and hang out for a few hours, maybe make some cash washin&apos; dishes or waitin&apos; tables. It was a cool place. Wish I&apos;d gone there more often.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why not move, get a job there with your friend? Your file says you lived in the streets anyway.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, senpai, even us street rats get attached to a place, yanno?&quot; said Vira, laughing sadly. &quot;Even if its shit, ya don&apos;t just leave the borough ya come from. Or at least, I don&apos;t.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Really? Never?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, maybe if I had kids or somethin&apos;, I guess,&quot; said Vira. &quot;But I&apos;m, well, I was, twelve. No reason to leave. I wanna make sure Helsinberg makes it through this ok, yanno? I just wish Baracca&apos;s had made it too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You know, Governance usually dumps a lot of cash into rebuilding,&quot; said Emma. &quot;After this is over and we&apos;ve taken Helsinberg back, the owners can probably get it rebuilt.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah? That&apos;d be great,&quot; said Vira. She sounded a little more hopeful. &quot;Still though&#x2014;&quot; Emma winced as her mental voice fell again &quot;&#x2014;it&apos;s all just so&#x2026; blown to shit&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey well, we exist for a reason,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Magical girls gonna magic away the squid, right?&quot;</p><p>It was an absolutely terrible line. Completely naive, the line wasn&apos;t even sentimental. Hell, Emma was pretty sure she&apos;d seen it in an anime back when she was seven. Still somehow, it cheered Vira and Motya up.</p><p>&quot;Pfft, that was awful, senpai,&quot; said Vira.</p><p>&quot;I must agree,&quot; said Motya, &quot;that was utter tripe, Emma.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, made you laugh,&quot; said Emma, grinning as their jumphooks neared the end of the long climb. &quot;Seriously though, cheer up you two. We&apos;re all young yet. Let the older girls do the moping around, yeah?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Psh. Yeah, &apos;kay then, senpai.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Understood, Emma.&quot;</p><p>The rest of the ride up the tower was quiet, each lost in their thoughts. Emma detached from the cable and brought herself to a stop. The floor they had reached was largely empty. The building was tall enough that it was both far too obvious for a sniper hide and not as useful as a drone or satellite for surveillance. What it was excellent for, however, was communication, and several barrier generators, supplemented by heavy armor plating, kept the building from being blasted away. Several technicians saluted as Emma arrived, with Vira and Motya landing behind her a moment later.</p><p>&quot;Apart from the destruction, what did you notice about the front?&quot; asked Emma as they walked towards the opposite end.</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;it seemed awfully still,&quot; said Motya after a moment. &quot;I thought that the front was more fluid than that?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Usually yeah,&quot; said Emma, nodding. &quot;Vira?&quot;</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s no fightin&apos; either,&quot; said Vira. She paused, then wrinkled her brow. &quot;Actually, wait, what d&apos;hell? Shouldn&apos;t there be explosions and shit going on?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Thoughts on why none of that is happening?&quot;</p><p>The two rookies went silent as they considered this.</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;The squid must be fucked up somehow,&quot; said Vira. &quot;Cause like, if we&apos;d been unable to respond, the squid woulda picked up on it and attacked already. The only reason they wouldn&apos;t do that is if there&apos;s something wrong with them.&quot;</p><p>&quot;The only way that would work would be if they were experience mass maintenance failure or if they had logistical difficulties,&quot; continued Motya.</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s right,&quot; said Emma. She paused at the next cable jump, turning to face her charges. &quot;Don&apos;t spread this around, but I&apos;ve got some friends who are doing missions investigating squid logistics. It sounds like things are going to get rough, so be prepared.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Do you&#x2026; think we&apos;ll need to fight?&quot; asked Motya. She spun her jumphook restlessly.</p><p>&quot;Hopefully not,&quot; said Emma. &quot;If there is more fighting, we might be asked to do supply escort or participate in a skirmish or two. But keep it in mind, okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I understand.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Anyway, let&apos;s continue.&quot; Emma turned around and attached her jumphook to the cable, letting it pull her off the landing down towards the next building. They could still see the front from here, moving closer as they flew down the line.</p><p>&quot;Start keeping an eye out as we get closer,&quot; said Emma. &quot;We should be far enough back not to be worth the battery charge on a squid&apos;s sniper rifle, but paranoia is good.&quot;</p><p>A frisson of nervousness passed over the rookies. Emma hoped she&apos;d made the right decision to pass near the lines. Her hope had been to give them a taste of what being this close to the front was like, but the possibility of getting shot at suddenly seemed much greater than she knew it probably was. What-ifs plagued her, but Emma quickly brushed it aside. That would have to be taken one step at a time.</p><p>&quot;Hey guys, can you hear me?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh hey, its Saoyeh,&quot; said Vira. &quot;What&apos;s up Saoyeh?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oi, stop calling me that!&quot;</p><p>Vira cackled as the group continued towards the top of a building.</p><p>&quot;Hey Ryouta,&quot; said Emma, rolling her eyes. &quot;What&apos;re you up to?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, well, I was just calling to let you guys know that the connection is good and I&apos;ve got a lot of good images,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;That time you all were swinging up that tower was excellent.&apos;</p><p>&quot;Hah, good to hear,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Did the vision feeds stream well?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it&apos;s all good,&quot; said Ryouta, sounding excited. &quot;Man these are some epic action shots! You know a few hundred years ago, this would have been completely impossible, just &apos;cause we&apos;d have nowhere to put the data.&quot;</p><p>Emma went to reply, then felt a distinctive magical ripple in the distance. A glance at the map showed that yes, they&apos;d already entered the part of the route that would pass along a demon patrol route.</p><p>&quot;Well that&apos;s good, because I think we&apos;re going to get you some better stuff soon,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Vira, Motya, you felt that?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah, demons at&#x2026; two o&apos;clock, static but growin&apos; miasma,&quot; said Vira.</p><p>&quot;Judging by rate of growth, it&apos;s not going to be too large,&quot; added Motya.</p><p>&quot;Sorry Ryouta, going to have to cut this short.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, whatever. Talk to you later.&quot;</p><p>Emma pushed her consciousness outwards as they approached the next building. &quot;Anybody out there on patrol?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, you&apos;re headed to the miasma?&quot; asked the patrol leader. &quot;Who are you?&quot;</p><p>&quot;My name&apos;s Emma, I&apos;m leading two greenies on their first overland,&quot; said Emma on public telepathy, waving at Vira and Motya to stop and wait. &quot;I&apos;d like permission to engage, see how they do.&quot;</p><p>The patrol leader considered. &quot;My name&apos;s Yulin. I&apos;ll clear you for limited action, but hold off on things until we get there. Don&apos;t get them too deep, Emma.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded mentally. &quot;Understood, I&apos;ll take them in but wait for your arrival.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Roger that, godspeed.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You two were listening?&quot; asked Emma, turning to Vira and Motya.</p><p>The two girls nodded, looking somewhat nervous. Vira had already summoned her rifle. &quot;Will it be just the three of us?&quot; asked Motya.</p><p>&quot;Yes,&quot; said Emma. She locked her jumphook onto the next cable and began swinging towards the miasma. &quot;We&apos;ll be fine, just don&apos;t get overenthusiastic.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, of course.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah yah, got it.&quot;</p><p>The miasma&apos;s signature grew as they approached it. Emma could feel the patrol nearing as well. Unfortunately, Motya wasn&apos;t suited very much to Emma&apos;s typical engagement pattern. Vira, too, would probably be more comfortable kiting the edges of the miasma than doing the sort of smash-and-blast thing Emma was beginning to turn into her &quot;thing&quot;.</p><p>&quot;What are you two used to doing on patrol?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Sniper support.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Healing and buffing.&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed. &quot;Sounds about right then. We&apos;ll approach this as if we&apos;re the only three girls available. Motya, medical support as needed but take the time to experiment with your vodka, see if you can come up with some weird drink combos. Vira, we&apos;ll do an overview sweep before planning further. Keep nearby and keep moving. We ready?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Let&apos;s do this.&quot;</p><p>The buildings were in the way of their line of sight on the miasma. The three of them accelerated, Motya dropping off to the side to observe while Vira trailed behind Emma by several meters. They were running and sliding across the roofs now, jumphooks abandoned for the greater expediency of aeromaneuver. Onto a cable, skidding with inhuman balance, before bouncing off the end with a twirl to keep upright, then two steps and they were right on top of the miasma.</p><p>The miasma was small, taking up only a half dozen blocks and centered around a stalled stack of three trucks with soldiers inside. The front vehicle had somehow lost a wheel, an improbable proposition, but on second thought it was looking rather damaged, so perhaps it had been part of the retreat. A frustrated argument seemed about to break out, and the demons could be seen advancing on the convoy, mouths gaping as they began to draw on the emotions.</p><p>&quot;Assessment?&quot; asked Emma shortly as she and Vira ping-ponged between the buildings bracketing the street.</p><p>&quot;Too many friendlies,&quot; said Vira. &quot;AOE and barrage are out. We need a teleporter.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We don&apos;t have one, other ideas.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh, distraction? You&apos;re AOE, so you draw &apos;em away and I&apos;ll pick &apos;em off?&quot;</p><p>Goddess, even the newbies turned her into bait. &quot;Ugh, fine, but you&apos;re the bait next time,&quot; Emma sighed, before doing an immelman and reversing direction. &quot;Ready?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ready.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Motya, watch our backs,&quot; said Emma, gathering magic around her. &quot;In three&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>The cli-clack of a bolt cycling could be heard as Vira readied her rifle.</p><p>&quot;&#x2014;two&#x2014;&quot;</p><p>The soldiers could tell something was wrong now, but began to sag lethargically, slumping against their vehicles. A garbled message tried to make its way out of the steadily thickening miasma.</p><p>&quot;&#x2014;one, NOW.&quot;</p><p>A flash of blue and Emma was streaking forward on jet propulsion, a shimmering shield braced against her arms as she became a teenaged cannonball. She clipped two demons, then punched through two more before the last one dodged. Emma pivoted, flared, and brought herself to a halt with halberd in hand. She had time to give it a twirl, snap it to guard, and plant her feet into a loose fighting stance.</p><p>&quot;Come and get me, assholes!&quot; she shouted, grinning at the exertion. Goddess, it was good to be fighting again.</p><p>Moments later, the tall, gape-mouthed manifestations of human despair regrouped and came at her, laser beams leading the way as they closed to maximize firepower. Vira was still out of the miasma, still hadn&apos;t fired, and Emma was a bright ball of magical girl standing right&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;there, ricocheting off of a building to come sweeping in from the flank, halberd cutting into demon but of course not actually killing anything. This miasma was seriously tiny, if that was all these demons could muster.</p><p>Then Emma&apos;s senses flared and she was rocketing upwards and aeromaneuvering to cling to the side of a building with magic, before spinning away, more lasers tracking her from the sudden demon spawn. There had been a time when a single magical girl was all that would be available for this miasma, dancing away like Emma and hoping for an opening, waiting for the demons to overstretch or maybe just a small victory this time but&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;CRACK went Vira&apos;s rifle and suddenly the demons were reduced by three. They flinched collectively and rapidly shifted, some turning towards the sniper that had already reloaded and fired with a second CRACK that tore through another set, four this time, and Emma could see them charge lasers but-</p><p>-a vortex sphere appeared shrieking its fury. Emma immediately kicked it into the nearest group of demons. It burst with a satisfying violence that made Emma grin and the demons flinch and try to reorganize again. She paused, then ducked a laser, and scanned back towards the trucks as a CRACK felled a third set of demons.</p><p>Damn. A handful had spawned and were busy sucking the life out of the soldiers. This would eventually kill the humans, but of more immediate concern was the miasma strengthening again as the negative emotional energy flowed in. Emma ran up onto a building and then sideways, dodging more lasers while Vira fired thrice more.</p><p>Emma jumped, whistling through the air, and then landed with a thunk on top of a truck.</p><p>Hack, chop, slash, twirl and thrust, and now a sarissa because that one was a bit far and then Emma was off again, drawing the inevitable fire towards her so it wouldn&apos;t burn the humans below. She checked her gem as she ran, expecting it to be darker than she&apos;d have liked, and was slightly surprised at how clear it was. Who knew that being in battle was good for her?</p><p>&quot;Ah, Emma, I distilled armor plating once,&quot; broke in Motya as the demons tried to rally, forming a rudimentary line. &quot;It should help your damage resistance. Do you want a bottle?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, that&apos;d be&#x2014;,&quot; flip to dodge and then hurl the halberd yes impact &quot;&#x2014;useful. Throw it at me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, here!&quot;</p><p>Emma paused, waiting for demons to engage her, and then jumped up and to the side. The bottle smacked into her glove and she pushed off the air to fly upwards, landing high on the side of a building before running up it, lasers chasing her heels.</p><p>&quot;Vira, your gem?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh, doin&apos; alright,&quot; said Vira. Emma looked around, then pinpointed the blue wetsuit against the light gray sky. Her gem output seemed fine. Vira dropped down, rolled under a laser, and popped upright. She fired twice, punching through another brace of demons, then ducked behind the parapet just before a trio of lasers crossed over her position.</p><p>&quot;Keep changing positions,&quot; Emma advised, flipping over the top of the building for cover and immediately chugging the bottle of vodka. The alcohol&apos;s burn and flavor profile made it not unlike trying to swallow a piece of metal, yet strangely fortifying. A ripple of red magic spread across her, then faded. Emma looked back up over the side of the building and threw the bottle into a demon, knocking it back. She looked back at Vira&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;who hadn&apos;t moved, dammit. &quot;Vira!&quot; Emma shouted. &quot;You need to change your position!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, what&#x2014; shit!&quot;</p><p>Emma bit back her own curse as Vira was forced to displace by a demon spawning almost literally on top of her. Magical instincts saved the riflegirl as she threw herself over the side of the building, a laser scalding her position, and then pushed herself back against the building with aeromaneuver.</p><p>But this was not a good position. Vira wasn&apos;t in any way designed to take on a battery of demons on her own from in close.</p><p>&quot;Motya&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Readying bottles now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Good, hopefully we won&apos;t need them,&quot; said Emma as she pushed herself off the wall and back into the street. The demons were regrouping around the convoy, drawing off energy for further attempts on the lives of the mages attacking them. Four broke off and bracketed Vira. The young mage scrambled down the face of the building, trying desperately to get out of the line of fire. She jumped-</p><p>-and bit back a scream as lasers scorched the air, two burning past her and two cutting searing trenchs into her arm and shoulder. Vira wavered in the air, trajectory wobbling towards an uncontrolled tumble, but then:</p><p>&quot;Vira, up top!&quot;</p><p>Vira twisted, pulling herself hard against the wall as Emma slashed through the air. Lasers splashed against Emma&apos;s shoulder and chest, but did little to nothing between Emma&apos;s armor and Motya&apos;s vodka. Vira dived, hitting the ground hard and rolling while Emma pushed with her magic, blasting herself down in front of her kouhai. A wave of magic rushed out in a rolling arc of blue, manifesting into a gust of wind that made the demons recoil, and-</p><p>-the rifle cracked again, the sound of Vira rapidly cycling the bolt with inhuman speed blending with the hypersonic bang of projectile streaking past in a mad cacophony of gunfire arcing up into the top of the miasma.</p><p>&quot;Yulin, what&apos;s your ETA?&quot; Emma asked, waving at Vira to begin retreating. They needed to regroup and come at this again&#x2014;</p><p>&quot;Five seconds.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wait what?&quot;</p><p>And then a teleporter blinked into place over the convoy, along with a barrier generator and a girl with a machine-gun who let rip, Emma and Vira going to the ground as lime-green magic bolts thundered in an arc through the air. A second later, she bubble disappeared, along with the soldiers of one of the trucks. The process repeated itself twice more as more mages began coming in, a round dozen that quickly began to decimate the demons within the miasma.</p><p>&quot;Right, let&apos;s withdraw,&quot; said Emma. She turned and ran up the side of a building, arcing up and away from the fighting towards Motya&apos;s position. &quot;You okay there, Vira?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nngh, yah, I&apos;m fine,&quot; said Vira. &quot;Just wish I coulda done better.&quot;</p><p>Emma glanced back at Vira. The two trenches of burned flesh were slowly closing, but her gem readout was dipping downwards.</p><p>&quot;Well don&apos;t worry too much, just learn from it,&quot; said Emma. She vaulted over the parapet and landed near Motya&apos;s position. &quot;We had backup, after all.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mnnhg,&quot; grunted Vira, unhappy.</p><p>The two of them vaulted the parapet a moment later, landing beside Motya who quickly pressed an open bottle of vodka into Vira&apos;s hands.</p><p>&quot;Drink it slowly, you might not need the entire thing,&quot; said Motya, fiddling with a second bottle. Emma recognized it as having the same label as the damage resistance one she&apos;d had earlier.</p><p>&quot;You kiddin&apos; me?&quot; asked Vira, hefting the liter of vodka while rolling her eyes. &quot;Siaojyeh, it&apos;s an entire fuckin&apos; liter.&quot;</p><p>Motya laughed slightly. &quot;Well, I guess I overdid it a bit.&quot;</p><p>&quot;A bit?&quot; asked Vira, before slugging back several swallows. &quot;Fwah. This is a bit?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh, well, I was worried. Come on, drink up!&quot;</p><p>They quieted, watching the choreographed destruction beneath them. Vira drank the vodka slowly while Motya monitored her condition. Below, Yulin coordinated the attack with ease, the harassed and weakened demons falling swiftly under the firepower of a dozen mages. A few stray bits of magic and laser fire spiraled upwards, colliding with the small, and shrinking, miasma and vanishing without a trace.</p><p>&quot;Ah, man, the vid feeds cut out,&quot; said Ryouta, popping back onto the line. &quot;I was hoping to get some shots of you guys fighting demons, but the miasma interfered.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, of course,&quot; said Emma. &quot;It&apos;s never worked.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, no, I meant from the drones,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;You know, photographs of you guys blowing stuff up? But it just looks like a bunch of guys standing around.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, that&apos;s too bad,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Did you get any good images from Vira?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Actually yes, but then the miasma expanded.&quot; A few images scrolled past on a sidebar, of Vira and Emma ping-ponging and Vira taking up a shooting position. Vira firing, cycling her bolt with a flash of magic, displacing, etc., but all from the first minute or so of combat. &quot;Not as fruitful as I&apos;d have liked, but I got something out of it at least.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hehe, I look pretty good in these,&quot; said Vira, examining the images closely. &quot;Oooh, the wind even did a thing in this one! Cool!&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m glad you like them!&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re not half bad at this, Saoyeh,&quot; complimented Vira. &quot;I see why they hired you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t call me that, but thanks,&quot; said Ryouta, sounding exasperated.</p><p>&quot;Emma, we&apos;re wrapping up here,&quot; said Yulin, distracting Emma from the conversation. &quot;How&apos;re you guys on cubes?&quot;</p><p>Emma glanced over their gem charges. They hovered steadily at around 80%. &quot;We could use some cubes if you can spare some, but save it for the quota if not.&quot;</p><p>&quot;In that case we&apos;re done here,&quot; said Yulin. &quot;Small miasma, not much yield. Good work, but I&apos;m afraid that we can&apos;t spare any for your trouble.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It should be fine, thanks.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bye then.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, we should move on,&quot; said Emma, turning back to the conversation. &quot;Vira, Motya?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ready to go, Emma.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah, same here, senpai.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Then let&apos;s head out.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>