<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>12. Under High Waters</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>12. Under High Waters</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The building that 7-South was built underneath had been a community housing project before the war. As was typical with these sorts of things, it was built with exactly one type of room and as cheaply as could be managed, which naturally did not lend towards longevity. The invasion had been strangely fortuitous for this particular building. If buildings could speak, it would certainly be saying prayers of thanks for the sudden onset of extra reinforcing bars, ablative heat shielding, and other things designed to keep it from collapsing underneath a Reaper&apos;s heavy laser cannon.</p><p>Chunli Fang, a mage hailing from Optatum, could regularly be seen apparently having conversations with the building (its name was Sasha). She also provided direct assistance turning the structure into, arguably, one of the most heavily shielded buildings along the southern front. The blockiness of the structure helped, allowing for many different options for shielding and firing angles and the like.</p><p>When Team Four arrived at Sasha-the-Project-Housing-Complex, Chunli was having a slightly confused conversation about the philosophical implications of buildings having a soul.</p><p>&quot;So you&apos;re saying that the reason you were built makes you special?&quot; asked Chunli, apparently not noticing as Emma, Vira, and Motya popped off of the cable and landed a dozen feet away. &quot;&#x2026;But doesn&apos;t that mean you&#x2014; oh I see. Okay&#x2026; Wait, what? How would that even work? I mean, I don&apos;t mean to be derogatory&#x2014; oh, thank you, good, I was a little worried. But you see, you don&apos;t have legs, so&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya looked at her, then at Emma. Emma shrugged, focusing on the orders propagating in upon their arrival.</p><p>&quot;Sure, go ahead, take a breather,&quot; said Vira sarcastically as she blinked and read through the orders as well.</p><p>&quot;Things must be worse than we thought,&quot; said Motya. &quot;I don&apos;t think we&apos;d normally go right into patrol, would we?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, this sounds about right,&quot; said Emma tiredly. She pulled a brace of grief cubes from her backpack and purified her gem. &quot;Mnrgh. Well come on. It looks like Chunli&apos;s part of our patrol. We should go say hello.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Is she&#x2026;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;She&apos;s fine. She just needs a break from things.&quot;</p><p>Well hopefully. Chunli was normally a Captain in the 7th Combat Logistics Division - 2nd Army Group, but was currently assigned to the DVU of 7-South for &quot;decompression&quot;.</p><p>&quot;Ah, hello!&quot; said Chunli, finally noticing them. &quot;Sorry, I was distracted talking to Sasha.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hello,&quot; said Emma, waving. She poked Vira and Motya telepathically, prompting them to give their own awkward greetings. &quot;So you&apos;re part of the DVU? I think we&apos;re in the same patrol.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yeah, the commander mentioned we&apos;d have some new girls,&quot; said Chunli, swishing her skirt idly as she spoke. &quot;Hmm&#x2026; Well anyway, come on, I&apos;ll introduce you. Sasha, if you would?&quot;</p><p>There was no response from the building that Team 4 could discern. As it was, Chunli seemed to hear something, because she curtsied with a thank you, then gestured grandly at the roof access.</p><p>&quot;Come along, girls,&quot; she said, before keying the door. Absurdly, it opened directly to the bunker&apos;s staging area, where a massive amount of activity could be seen.</p><p>&quot;Wha&#x2014; how did you&#x2014;?&quot; asked Vira.</p><p>&quot;My magic allows me to ask buildings to do certain things for me,&quot; said Chunli, stepping through the door and gesturing at Team 4 to follow. &quot;Open portals between doors and windows, specifically. Usually I can&apos;t make it more than a few hundred meters, but me n&apos; Sasha have a special arrangement, since I&apos;ve been here so long and been so helpful!&quot;</p><p>Well it wasn&apos;t the strangest power Emma had ever heard of, if somewhat under-powered sounding. There was a rumor that one of the girls in one of the previous training cohorts had literally no powers when she contracted. Shiri Asuka or something. It was probably apocryphal, but compared to that, magically talking buildings and door-portals were pretty much normal.</p><p>&quot;Well uh, thanks for that then,&quot; said Emma as Team 4 stepped through. &quot;Saved us an elevator trip, at least.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t thank me, silly, thank Sasha!&quot; said Chunli. She patted the wall beside the door. &quot;She works very hard, you know. Or did, before the military spruced things up.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Er, right, thank you Sasha,&quot; said Emma, feeling very strange patting a wall like it was a particularly cute child. She felt a tingle of magic spark off the wall as she pulled her hand away. Vira and Motya glanced at each other and followed suit a moment later.</p><p>&quot;Anyway, so, the DVU Commander?&quot; asked Emma as the door closed behind them.</p><p>&quot;Over here,&quot; said Chunli. She led the small group through a gate, with the words &quot;SECTOR FOUR&quot; in large boldface across the top, and to the nearest canteen.</p><p>The canteen served as the distribution point for food and water, the former via food packs and the latter via fountains. A wide, open space with picnic tables, this particular canteen was lit with street lamps styled after a mashup of Victorian England and Qing Dynasty Chinese aesthetics. The lamps had conveniently smooth tops as well, making for excellent seats or acrobatic points for the various magical girls lounging about, waiting for the patrol to begin.</p><p>&quot;Ah, these are the newest girls then?&quot; asked one of them, perched on top of a lamp. Her long, dark hair was pulled back into a ponytail, draped over a gold epaulette on top of a crimson jacket. The costume reminded Emma of Tracy&apos;s. Both had the odd pocketless trousers that were buttoned very high up on the torso, but the girl&#x2014; Nadya Antipova, a telekinetic &#x2014;had a single, highly elaborate epaulette instead of the two subdued ones that Tracy wore. Nadya also lacked a hat, and had black leather gloves and boots that went up to her knees. &quot;Have a seat. We&apos;ll talk about your roles in a bit while the rest of the patrol shows up.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right,&quot; said Emma. She glanced around the canteen, then led her team to a table in the corner and sat down.</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s more comin&apos;, right?&quot; asked Vira, looking around uncertainly. Including Team 4, there were only twelve girls in the canteen. &quot;I mean, it&apos;s not just ten of us goin&apos; on patrol, right? They didn&apos;t do that back in 1-East.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, there&apos;s fourteen girls scheduled for this patrol,&quot; said Emma, looking at the roster. &quot;They have less for surface patrol, since people are more spread out and miasmas are smaller. Things are still weird though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why?&quot; asked Motya. &quot;You said earlier that things sounded about right to you.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Well, yes, but you saw Nadya&apos;s unit on the nomenclator?&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya nodded. &quot;She&apos;s from MagOps Team 19,&quot; said Motya. &quot;Team commander, in fact.&quot;</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s two reasons why you might have a MagOps team leader doing DVU duty,&quot; said Emma. &quot;The first is that she&apos;s cracked and is doing light duty before going back in.&quot;</p><p>The three of them looked at Nadya, who was concentrating deeply on something, moving things around with her eyes on her retinal interface.</p><p>&quot;Which is obviously not true,&quot; continued Emma. &quot;So the other reason is that her team isn&apos;t useful right now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well the only reason that MagOps wouldn&apos;t be useful is if their specialty is no good,&quot; said Vira. &quot;That&apos;s how MagOps works, right? They specialize into teams for specific applications?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Emma. She tapped a finger grimly against the table. &quot;It&apos;s really odd. I can&apos;t think of a specialty that wouldn&apos;t be useful right now, since we need to break the stalemate.&quot;</p><p>The possibilities were endless. Vira and Motya looked at each other as Emma trailed off into silence. Looking into things, Team 19 &#x2014;they&apos;d named themselves &quot;H.E.E.&quot; in typical MagOps Fashion&#x2014; seemed to be a classic rapid insertion and destruction team, their powers organized around massively destroying whatever they were thrown at. The entire team was there, conversing amongst themselves while they waited for the patrol to start. It was honestly a waste of their talents to be here and not off doing something or another on the front.</p><p>There wasn&apos;t anymore time to contemplate it though. Vira flinched as Nadya landed next to her, almost soundless. A squirt of magic flickered from underneath her feet, fading so quickly that Emma wasn&apos;t entirely sure she&apos;d actually felt it.</p><p>&quot;Alright, PCT4, welcome again to Bunker 7-South,&quot; said Nadya. A map of the bunker appeared on their shared vision, zooming into Sector Four and the patrol route they would be taking. &quot;I&apos;m sure you&apos;ve all looked into my team by now, so I&apos;ll forego the introductions. Today&apos;s plan is to split into three teams. It&apos;s a little counter-intuitive, but it should work for the sake of everyone&apos;s varying experience levels.&quot;</p><p>Nadya gestured at the map, which zoomed into a portion of the patrol. Three blue triangles appeared, one on top of the route, and two bracketing it.</p><p>&quot;MagOps Team 19 will form Strike 1, while PCT4 and the others will be Scout 1 and Scout 2. Scout 1 will advance on the left flank, while Scout 2 does the same on the right. Your job is to engage any miasmas you encounter, then move on as soon as things get too rough. That should weaken the miasma enough for us to move in and destroy it completely. If you get in a bad spot, send a shout our way and we&apos;ll come help out. Is everyone clear?&quot;</p><p>Team 4 glanced amongst themselves. It wasn&apos;t exactly complicated, this plan, but&#x2026;</p><p>&quot;I take it there&apos;s no questions then,&quot; said Nadya. She clapped once and gestured for them to stand up. &quot;Come on then, we should get going now that everyone&apos;s here.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, wait, um, we&apos;ve got a journalist along,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Ryouta Shizuki. Will that be a problem?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not unless he&apos;s going to try and tag along,&quot; said Nadya. She nodded at the drones that had followed Team 4 into the basement. &quot;He can do his job well enough with those.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Alright. In that case let&apos;s get started.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Good.&quot; Nadya turned and broadcast across telepathy: &quot;Patrol! Form up!&quot;</p><p>&quot;She&apos;s&#x2026; intense,&quot; said Motya as Team 4 formed a basic triangle formation, with Emma leading. They jumped up onto the residence blocks, spreading out widely across the bunker. Each block was four stories tall and housed exactly four people, with ladders to get to the upper floors.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;ll have to get used to it,&quot; said Emma. &quot;A lot of the older girls are like that.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not you, senpai,&quot; said Vira.</p><p>Emma smiled. &quot;Thanks. I try not to be.&quot;</p><p>The people below watched them speed by, Nadya starting the patrol out slow to get a feel of how they&apos;d all respond to commands. Many of the adults from the city were sitting on the sills of their residence cubes, pausing conversation to watch the patrol with expressions that held conflicting emotions. Small bundles of children stood in awe as the idols they admired, and, for many, aspired to be, flashed past in a brilliant streak of colors.</p><p>&quot;Scout 1, spread left twenty meters and accelerate your pace,&quot; ordered Nadya. &quot;Scout 2, mirror Scout 1.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Roger that,&quot; said Emma. She gestured mentally at Vira and Motya, then sped up. The ceiling was just another forty feet above them, not terribly high by magical girl standards and something that they needed to keep watching for to avoid smacking into. Briefly, Emma considered bouncing between it and the rooftops, but dismissed it as unnecessarily wasteful.</p><p>The first quarter of a kilometer was quiet. Then, as they neared the first defensive wall, Vira flagged a miasma to Team 4&apos;s left.</p><p>&quot;It feels big,&quot; she said. Tension resonated in her telepathy. &quot;I think we&apos;re lucky, and it&apos;s just started, but it&apos;s already really big.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, Motya, we&apos;re going to need that armor vodka you have,&quot; said Emma. The team veered left as she spoke. &quot;Get some health vodka ready too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;On it, Emma.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nadya, this is Emma, we&apos;ve detected a miasma and are moving to engage,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Understood, keep us updated,&quot; said Nadya. &quot;Scout 2 is engaging to the east, and we will be moving to sweep things there. Kite a bit, yeah?&quot;</p><p>Emma glanced in the direction of Vira. &quot;&#x2026;I&apos;ll do my best. Out.&quot;</p><p>Vira and Emma broke off to the right, sweeping around in a short arc to intercept Motya. Two bottle of vodka slapped against their palms as they turned back, popping the tops off and drinking quickly while thanking the vintner&apos;s daughter telepathically.</p><p>&quot;The last time I had this, I tanked a lot of damage,&quot; said Emma as they closed, the miasma looming up and centered around a large argument in the center with security trying to quiet the situation. &quot;I&apos;m betting it works different for each girl though, so be careful.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, I understand,&quot; said Vira. The two of them swung right, orbiting the beginnings of the miasma, flecks of shadow gathering in the air and vague mirages flickering in and out of sight. &quot;So uh, what&apos;s the plan for this? There&apos;s a lot of civilians.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nadya suggested we kite until they can show up to help,&quot; said Emma. &quot;With just the two of us, that&apos;s probably a good plan. I&apos;ll try and draw them away, you fire at anything that you have a clean shot on.&quot;</p><p>Vira frowned but nodded. &quot;What if the demons start getting intense?&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll cross that bridge when we get to it,&quot; said Emma. She summoned a halberd. &quot;You ready?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>Emma bolted left, accelerating with a flash of magic into the protomiasma. Like disturbing a nest of biting insects, the mirages snapped into place and turned, lasers rippling through the air to singe the tails of Emma&apos;s costume. Below, mundane eyes saw nothing but a thick mist obscuring all but the closest objects as the ground turned to sand. Their panic was immediate.</p><p>Emma winged outwards, halberd flashing through the air to carve into a demon&apos;s head, before spinning up and away, bouncing off the ceiling and drawing a small group of demons with her. Vira flicked past as Emma landed, the riflegirl pausing and sending a volley into the cluster that had followed Emma and turning them into so many grief cubes.</p><p>The majority, however, immediately stopped pursuit and turned back towards their victims. The air seemed to vibrate as, one by one, humans stumbled to a halt and sank to their knees, or clutched at walls, or simply curled into a ball on the ground as despair and lethargy set in.</p><p>With their prey subdued, the demons began to feed. Dark lines slid out of their mouths, latching onto the chests of their targets. As each mundane heart beat in its chest, the attached thread twitched and shivered with pulsating undulations, calling to mind Cthuloid monstrosities, but rendered stark and white, and just as foul and sickening to the heart and the mind.</p><p>The miasma expanded rapidly. Emma had just a moment to breathe before lasers ripped through where she was standing, sending her spinning into the ceiling before pivoting and launching forward, dodging with aeromaneuver then twisting to take a hit directly in the chest, but getting an opportunity to cleave a demon straight down the center. The dark threads bubbled and died, burning away as the humans toppled over unconscious. She turned to leap upwards and&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;aeromaneuvered herself straight into the ground as a quintet of lasers ripped through the air at head level, then burned into her back before she could get her legs under her. Emma braced a shield against the attack, then retreated, bouncing off of the walls erratically to throw off the demons&apos; aim.</p><p>&quot;Nadya, we&apos;re getting buried here!&quot; Emma called out. &quot;The miasma&apos;s too much! The demons are barely even paying attention!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Roger that, teleporter inbound,&quot; said Nadya. &quot;Mina, Gracia, Eva, go.&quot;</p><p>A second of silence, then a blossom of light and the concussive crackle of magic spitting against the boundaries of reality, shattering and scattering demons as Eva Guderian&apos;s whip cracked against a wall, blasting the suddenly empty space and then again, there, to the right, and again across the way. Flash flash flash, with pockets of humans disappearing and reappearing outside of the miasma, and in the distance now Emma saw soldiers responding and securing the civilians. Movement to her left&#x2014;!</p><p>Emma planted a foot and dropped, a demon&apos;s laser leaving a track of heat down her back before a CRACK and the demon scattered into cubes, Vira landing beside her breathing hard.</p><p>&quot;Holy shit,&quot; she gasped. &quot;This is insane.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Drink some vodka and let&apos;s go,&quot; said Emma, projecting the message across to everyone in the area. &quot;Scout 1 is pulling out for next miasma.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Acknowledged Scout 1,&quot; said Nadya with slightly irritating calmness. &quot;Withdraw at your discretion.&quot;</p><p>The lights and sounds of combat and destruction faded as Emma and Vira moved out of the miasma. Small clusters of demons remained scattered about the outer edges, fading to gray as the once powerful, impenetrable haze clouding the minds of its victims began to fizzle and evaporate. One by one, men and women and girls and boys began to stumble out of the darkness into the blankets and warm drinks and plush toy bearing arms of the emergency responders.</p><p>&quot;Scout 1, we&apos;ve got some activity further along,&quot; said Chunli. &quot;How fast can you get to the top of the bunker?&quot;</p><p>Emma checked her interface. &quot;&#x2026;Two minutes. Will that do?&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll try and kite some, but we need to keep going. Get here quickly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Understood. Vira, Motya.&quot;</p><p>Two affirmative pulses answered her. Team Four accelerated, speeding off in a flash of color.</p><hr/><p>The first responders came from a variety of backgrounds. Some had been part of the cities first response group from before the invasion, trained specially for these situations. Most were simply normal people who hadn&apos;t wanted to undergo the procedures needed to join the military, but still wanted to help somehow. Most visible. however, were the towering off-duty military personnel. They were the minority, but they stood out in every shot Ryouta made with his camera drone.</p><p>Amongst all of those adults, Motya looked very small.</p><p>Ryouta mentally nudged the drone to follow behind Motya as he panned the view over the rows of rescued people, psychiatrists making their way from person to person to make sure they were dealing with the experience healthily. Family members huddled together, holding mugs of soothing hot chocolate or spiced cider. It was still quiet, the shock and fear of a demon attack not quite abated. Many of them had been fed on before Emma and Vira had shown up. Motya stopped in front of a man and his son, huddled together under the same blanket.</p><p>&quot;Here,&quot; she said quietly, manifesting a bottle in a shower of red sparks and handing it to the man. The label said &quot;Mir&quot;, and had a stylized sun spanning across the bottom. &quot;You look like you could use this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks.&quot; The man reached out for the bottle as the camera drone went&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;click&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;and Motya paused, tilting her head at a telepathic message. She nodded at the man as he took the bottle out of her hand and began unscrewing the cap. Again, red light danced down Motya&apos;s fingers, descending into columns. Ryouta tilted the drone upwards as two bottles solidified in Motya&apos;s hands. Two blurs, one blue and one red&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;click&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;swished by, the boy looking up as the flickering lights made him pull his face out of his father&apos;s shoulders. He smiled. Just a small one, but it reached his eyes, and that was enough for the moment.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re going to be okay,&quot; said Motya, smiling down at the boy. He flinched and flushed as he realized Motya was talking to him. She gave him a gentle headpat, which immediately prompted a pout. Motya giggled. &quot;Stay strong, okay?&quot;</p><p>The little boy nodded. Motya gave him and his father one last smile and nod, before moving on down the line.</p><hr/><p>fire&#x2014;</p><p>turn&#x2014;</p><p>drop&#x2014;</p><p>spin&#x2014;</p><p>dodge&#x2014;</p><p>jump&#x2014;</p><p>Land, and skid.</p><p>Vira breathed deep, pulling at magic reserves she&apos;d never needed to use. It was scary.</p><p>&quot;Take a break, Vira,&quot; said Emma from the distance. &quot;Purify your gem, I&apos;ve got this for now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay.&quot;</p><p>Vira swallowed and pulled a handful of cubes from her pocket. Her gem was dimmer than was ideal, but she was burning through magic so quickly anyway that it&apos;d probably be just as dim in a few minutes. Damn it, what was the point if the demons spawned so quickly?</p><p>&quot;Vira?&quot; asked Ryouta, breaking in with an audio call. &quot;You&apos;ve stopped moving. Are you alright?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh? Oh, yah, sure,&quot; said Vira. She&apos;d forgotten that Ryouta had a link to her vision. &quot;Nah, I&apos;m just takin&apos; a breather, saoyeh.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta rolled his eyes. &quot;Do you have enough cubes?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah, yah, it&apos;s cool, saoyeh,&quot; said Vira. She glanced at her gem. It looked better. &quot;Layoff, will ya?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh&#x2026; sure,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;I&apos;m getting good shots from you, by the way. Thanks for letting me use your eyes.&quot;</p><p>Man, that was a weird sentence to hear. Vira shrugged, before remembering that Ryouta wasn&apos;t there to see. &quot;Eh, it&apos;s cool.&quot;</p><p>She picked up her gem and stood back up, feeling a little better. Her gem was back to full brightness, twisting back onto her body as she pulled out a rifle. One of Ryouta&apos;s camera drones swung down to hover nearby. In the distance, a flash of red could be seen rapidly closing.</p><p>&quot;I gotta go.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, talk to you later.&quot;</p><p>A deep breath. She could do this.</p><p>Emma rocketed past the rooftop, a trail of light blue following behind her as demon lasers tried to pin her down. Vira snapped her rifle to her shoulder. One foot forward, the other foot back, with her rifle&apos;s scope raised to her eyes. Her back was straight and upright, but relaxed to absorb shock. A single burst of&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;click&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;dark blue pulsed out of the rifle&apos;s muzzle. The magical bullet twisted through space, then slammed into into the first demon and ripping through the bottom of its skull, before continuing onwards through one, two more, and finally coming to a halt by shattering inside a fourth demon and spraying rapidly-fading chunks of white out the back. Already, Vira&apos;s hands were moving to&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;click&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;reload, blue light flickering around the chamber of her gun as a fresh cartridge was summoned, sliding into the breech as Vira closed the bolt and prepared to fire again. Another flash of blue and a CRACK, then Vira leaped off the roof to-</p><p>run&#x2014;</p><p>fire&#x2014;</p><p>roll&#x2014;</p><p>Go.</p><hr/><p>&quot;Can I take a photo?&quot; asked Ryouta.</p><p>Vira gave him a raised eyebrow. She was sitting against a wall with the victims of the latest miasma. First responders were still milling around getting people back on their feet.</p><p>&quot;Seriously?&quot; she asked. A laser had caught her in the upper torso. It had cut through the center of her chest, starting at the heart and slicing down, and to the left, burning away flesh and bone as easily as a plasma cutter. The remains of her left lung were a charred mess, the arteries in the area burned shut by cauterized flesh. It was the tail end of the patrol, fortunately, and Nadya had let them off early to treat Vira&apos;s injury.</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it&apos;s uh,&quot; began Ryouta, before swallowing and clearing his throat. &quot;Well it&apos;s interesting, you know?&quot;</p><p>Emma paused, just about to spray medical foam into the wound, and glanced up at Vira. They shared a look of confusion, then looked at Ryouta again. &quot;&#x2026;Seriously?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well okay, it&apos;s really gross,&quot; said Ryouta. Looking again, he was looking very pale. &quot;But, I have a job to do, and I need to document this sort of thing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;If GPM lets you run it, you mean,&quot; said Emma, turning back to Vira&apos;s chest.</p><p>&quot;Well, yes, that too,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;But better to have the photo and never see it published, right?&quot;</p><p>Vira shrugged, then winced. &quot;Sure, I guess. Not like I have anything left there to hide.&quot;</p><p>&quot;M&apos;kay,&quot; said Ryouta. He refocused his vision, adjusting it so that his right eye captured Vira&apos;s upper body just so, to frame the long gash of charred and roasted bone and internal organs. The deep, navy blue of Vira&apos;s magic dancing along the edges, slowly working its way inward and uncooking her. With a-</p><p>-click-</p><p>-in his personal audio feed, he took a still as Emma depressed the plunger on top of the can of medical foam. The distinct tang of the stuff, a combination of ethanol, tangerines, and anise, wafted through the air.</p><p>&quot;Does it hurt?&quot; asked Ryouta. Vira lay her head back against the wall, eyes closed, and breathed deeply.</p><p>&quot;What d&apos;ya think?&quot; she ground out between her teeth.</p><p>&quot;Sorry,&quot; said Ryouta. He framed a second photo, then captured the still with another-</p><p>&#x2014;click&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;as Motya scrambled towards them, skidding to a stop and bumping into Ryouta.</p><p>&quot;Vira, are you alright?&quot; she asked, already pulling out a massive bottle of vodka. &quot;Here&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Calm down, Motya, she&apos;s fine,&quot; said Emma, raising a hand and pulling Ryouta back by the hem of his shirt. &quot;I don&apos;t think we&apos;ll need an entire two-liter of vodka.&quot;</p><p>Vira rolled her eyes but smiled and held out a hand. &quot;Here, siaojyeh. Thanks.&quot;</p><p>Motya bit her lip, unscrewing the cap for Vira and handing it over by the neck. Vira took the bottle and drank a gulp of vodka, wincing as it went down. The wound sparked, red light shimmering with navy blue to become deep purple and begin&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;click&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;healing the injury with remarkable speed. Bones began rapidly knit themselves together, forming Vira&apos;s ribcage. Muscles followed soon after.</p><p>&quot;Ah, wow, that&apos;s strong,&quot; said Vira, blinking. &quot;Motya, ya&apos; didn&apos;t chuck too much magic into this did ya?&quot;</p><p>Motya blinked, then checked her gem. &quot;Ah, no, not too much. I&apos;m still ten percent above critical.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Still, you should purify,&quot; said Emma. She sat back with a sigh. &quot;We better get dinner after this, before we go on escort duty.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We can get it delivered, can&apos;t we?&quot; asked Ryouta. He turned away to give Vira some privacy as her chest began to fill back in.&quot;I&apos;ll place an order for beef.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, can you?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>