<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>13. Towards Greener Pastures</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>13. Towards Greener Pastures</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>Dinner was an abbreviated affair. Team 4 and Ryouta ate quickly, eyeing the meeting reminder that hovered at the edge of their vision. The four of them would be working with A Company of the 2nd Armored Cavalry. Everyone, magical girls and soldiers, would be meeting at a canteen near the outer edge of the bunker.</p><p>Team 4 and Ryouta had decided to finish dinner where they were before heading over. The group had climbed to the top of a nearby residence block to eat, swinging their legs over the side of the building and balancing their food on their knees. The residents were still being treated for the effects of a demon attack, leaving them undisturbed for their meal.</p><p>&quot;Hey, senpai, isn&apos;t the 2nd Armored your unit?&quot; asked Vira. She held the short-rib she had been eating between her molars and crunched down, squeezing the marrow out of the bone and earning a wince from Ryouta and Motya .</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it is,&quot; said Emma, sucking at the end of her own piece of bone. &quot;Our CO for the moment is Captain Alanis Siyankin. She&apos;s a magical girl, but don&apos;t forget to follow procedure during the briefing, okay?&quot;</p><p>Both new girls nodded.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s she like?&quot; asked Motya.</p><p>Emma paused. &quot;&#x2026;Er, you mean personally, or as a commander?&quot;</p><p>&quot;The latter.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mmm&#x2026; she&apos;s definitely a well grounded person,&quot; said Emma, tapping her bone against her lips. &quot;Patient too, even when you screw up really badly and put the team in a bad place, and tries to make sure you know why you screwed up if there&apos;s time. But she also expects you to follow orders and doesn&apos;t pull her punches.&quot;</p><p>&quot;So, kinda like Nadya then?&quot; asked Vira.</p><p>&quot;Er, I guess?&quot; said Emma. She pulled the meat off of another bone and chewed thoughtfully. &quot;I think Alanis is a little friendlier than Nadya, personally. She likes to transform into a cat and get you to rub her ears, it&apos;s really cute. For that matter, she&apos;s enchanted herself to have a tail and cat ears all the time.&quot;</p><p>Vira, Motya, and Ryouta blinked as Emma sent the three of them her memory of Alanis jumping into her lap on the transport ship. The purring had been, and still was, adorable.</p><p>&quot;Wait, does it work when she&apos;s untransformed too?&quot; asked Vira, perking up with a curious light in her eyes. &quot;The ear rubbin&apos; and stuff?&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;I don&apos;t know,&quot; said Emma. She winced as Vira started to grin &quot;And it&apos;s&#x2026; probably best not to ask, actually.&quot;</p><p>Vira&apos;s grin collapsed immediately into a pout.</p><hr/><p>After dinner, a medium-sized supply drone heading for the perimeter was commandeered for transportation. They rode on top of its payload to the meeting point. The canteen was packed with soldiers, grouped around the tables and waiting for the briefing to start. It would precede the mission proper by several hours, giving everyone a chance to get mentally focused and make any last minute preparations they may need. It was also enough time for the new girls to become slightly more integrated.</p><p>Team 4 was being placed with Second Platoon. Ryouta would, of course, be following them. As they stepped off the drone, Emma could see Emily and Tracy talking. Alanis was nowhere in sight, but was probably busy with command stuff. The place was completely packed, leaving little room for maneuver. With a roll of her eyes, Emma jumped onto the lampposts and mader her way towards Second Platoon with Vira and Motya. Ryouta was left at the edge of the canteen to make his way over on his own, to his displeasure.</p><p>The warrant officer in charge of Second Platoon was named Timaeus Dolechzal. Large, even for the soldiery, and dark-skinned, Timaeus was a veteran of several campaigns. He didn&apos;t stand and salute immediately as Emma landed in front of him.</p><p>&quot;Good evening, Lieutenant Sinclair,&quot; he said, nodding slowly. The greeting was in British English.</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; said Emma quietly. &quot;It&apos;s always unnerving when people snap to attention immediately around me.&quot;</p><p>Timaeus nodded again. &quot;I have had more than a few rookie commanders. I know the feeling. How are you doing, ma&apos;am? I heard you were in medical?&quot;</p><p>Emma squirmed at the formal pronoun but ignored it. &quot;I feel much better, Mr. Dolechzal, thank you for asking. You&apos;ve, er, heard the latest on the newly contracted I&apos;m in charge of?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, that would be them,&quot; said Timaeus, nodding over Emma&apos;s shoulder at Vira and Motya. &quot;Good evening, Lieutenants.&quot;</p><p>Vira shifted nervously. Motya stood a little straighter and stepped forward unconsciously.</p><p>&quot;Good evening, Mr. Dolechzal,&quot; said Motya, her voice smooth and level. She held out a hand to shake. &quot;It&apos;s good to meet you. How are you doing?&quot;</p><p>Timaeus raised an eyebrow and glanced at Emma, before shaking Motya&apos;s hand with his own, massive, brown one. &quot;I am doing well enough, Lieutenant, thank you for asking. How about yourself? Are you coping well with your new life?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Aheh, I suppose,&quot; said Motya, smiling nervously. &quot;Everyone is much older and more experienced, so I have a lot to learn. Myself and Vira will be in your care, Mr. Dolechzal.&quot;</p><p>Timaeus nodded. &quot;In that case, let&apos;s get everyone introduced to the troops. Second Platoon is all down this row.&quot;</p><hr/><p>Vira opened up a bit more as they made their way down the row, but Motya fairly blossomed. Emma wasn&apos;t entirely sure where the vintner&apos;s daughter had picked up the ability to casually begin conversations like she did, but it was impressive. Certainly, Motya had been a little more hesitant when they had first met.</p><p>Well, wherever it came from, it was a good thing. Despite their limitations, it was important for Vira and Motya to be confident in themselves if they were going to survive combat. Emma turned her attention to the other greenie in the company.</p><p>&quot;Hey, Tracy, how&apos;re you doing?&quot; asked Emma, stepping to the side.</p><p>&quot;Ah, good, thanks! Emily&apos;s been giving me some help,&quot; said Tracy. Emma looked over at where Tracy was sitting, listening to her command squad converse about something. She seemed to be keeping one ear on the conversation while talking to Emma over telepathy. &quot;I&apos;m not trained well enough to command yet, but she says that I&apos;ll, um, &apos;not get myself killed&apos; this time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Knowing Emily, it was probably a lot more profane than that,&quot; said Emma, poking Emily telepathically. &quot;Hey Emily, you been giving the greenie tips then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;What gets through her skull, yeah,&quot; said Emily tiredly. She was perched atop a light post above her command squad. &quot;She gets things quick though, so at least we won&apos;t be getting her a new body for the second time in a row.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh, that&apos;s good,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I should introduce you guys to Vira and Motya in a bit.&quot;</p><p>&quot;After the briefing,&quot; said Emily. &quot;Check your chronometer, we&apos;re about to get started.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, right, okay,&quot; said Emma. She looked around. &quot;Hm&#x2026; I wonder where Ryouta&apos;s gone?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Who&apos;s that?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, photojournalist attached to my team,&quot; said Emma. &quot;He&apos;s&#x2014; oh there he is, I&apos;ll introduce you later.&quot; She sent Ryouta a text with a map marker of where they were.</p><p>&quot;Photojournalist, eh?&quot; asked Emily. Emma could hear the grin in her telepathy.</p><p>&quot;Knock it off, Emily,&quot; said Emma, shooting her a glare.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re blushing~&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wha- no I&apos;m not!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Er, Emma, you kinda are,&quot; said Tracy, looking away from her command team with a raised eyebrow and a slowly growing grin.</p><p>&quot;You two are terrible, terrible people,&quot; said Emma, turning smartly on her heel to face the other direction and ignoring the quiet telepathic giggling.</p><p>&quot;Hey, sorry, I got sidetracked talking to some of the troops,&quot; said Ryouta as he jogged up.</p><p>&quot;Letting yourself get distracted on the job Ryouta?&quot; asked Emma, grinning. She shook her head. &quot;Tsk tsk, Shizuki-san.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta grinned back at her. &quot;Well you know, gotta get the fluff for the captions, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;d be easier to just make something up,&quot; said Emma. She waved a hand. &quot;Something about how new girls need to spend a lot of time being extra super moe for their platoons.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yes, definitely,&quot; said Ryouta with a snort of laughter. &quot;Tell me, Magical Girl Emma-chan, how did you become the most moe girl in your company?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Obviously it&apos;s with my charming personality and tendency to break into dance,&quot; said Emma with maximum deadpan sarcasm. &quot;My command of the waltz is sublime.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Actually, do you dance?&quot; asked Ryouta. &quot;I only ask because my parents made me take dance lessons once, but I&apos;ve never actually met someone who dances.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sort of, I had to take lessons too, but it was for football,&quot; said Emma. &quot;You know a lot of athletes take ballet lessons, for flexibility and stuff.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, so, not ballroom dance then.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, sorry,&quot; said Emma, shrugging. &quot;Could be interesting though, if you wanted to try and teach me sometime?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure,&quot; said Ryouta, smiling. &quot;Ah, maybe later, after this mission? I think there&apos;s some free time built in, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, there is,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Uh, there&apos;s a rec-center in the bunker, we can go there. After breakfast I think. I still owe you food.&quot;</p><p>&quot;If you say so,&quot; said Ryouta, rolling his eyes. &quot;That&apos;s still a gift in my book.&quot;</p><p>Emma shook her head. &quot;You&apos;re weird, Ryouta. Cool, but weird.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; Ryouta said dryly. &quot;Thanks for the compliment, Emma, really appreciate that.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, sure, of course. Only telling the&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;TEN HUT.&quot;</p><p>All conversation came to an abrupt halt. The entire company snapped to attention in a single movement, the sound of two hundred men and women clicking their heels together echoing throughout the chamber. Five splotches of color stood amongst a sea of black armor. Their backs were as straight as the adults&apos; around them. Shoulders squared, eyes straight ahead.</p><p>On an unspoken cue, the entire company pivoted to face a new arrival.</p><p>A beat, in which Ryouta froze and glanced around nervously.</p><p>Alanis stepped forward, soundless on the floor of the canteen. She still bore her cat ears and tail, but had since made a few edits to her appearance. Alanis was now appreciably older looking, sixteen instead of fourteen, and had pushed her hair out more so that it could be twisted into a thin braid, wrapped around her head, and tacked in place with a brooch in the shape of a tiger, claws grasping at an unseen enemy. A dour expression pinched her eyebrows.</p><p>Unsettlingly, she had taken the liberty of modifying her pupils. They were now slits.</p><p>Alanis came to parade rest in front of the company. &quot;You may be seated,&quot; she said, breaking into a small smile.</p><p>The company sat back down. There was a minute of shuffling as everyone re-situated themselves. Emma scooted over so that Ryouta had a place to sit, as the command team&apos;s table was slightly less packed than the others.</p><p>&quot;Good evening, A Company,&quot; began Alanis. &quot;It&apos;s a bit late for all this, but I hope everyone&apos;s had a good relaxation cycle.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ve all downloaded the briefing file, so I won&apos;t go into detail about that. This is the third of four missions to empty Bunker 7-South. D Company is leading, followed by C Company, then us. B Company will pull up the rear. The mission is pretty vanilla, so there&apos;s nothing to talk about there. Everyone here knows the drill. As usual, try and keep the civilians safe. &quot;</p><p>&quot;More importantly, it&apos;s been a long time since we had any significant enemy activity, so everyone needs to be on the lookout for something unusual. If you see something weird, say something to your commanding officer. Overall, this mission should go smoothly, but a healthy dose of paranoia won&apos;t hurt us. Magical girls stay within the perimeter at all times. We don&apos;t want any surprises.&quot;</p><p>&quot;And on that note, we have a group of very new magical girls with us today. Their profiles and assignments are in your files. This will be their first official mission, so everyone, please look out for them. Are there any questions?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sir, what contingencies do we have in case things do go wrong?&quot; asked one of the soldiers near the front.</p><p>&quot;C Company is being deployed to the train station after this mission,&quot; said Alanis. A small diagram appeared on everyone&apos;s vision. &quot;If there is an attack, C Company will be the first to respond, as they&apos;re most likely to be closest to the area. A Company will abort its mission, escort the civilians back to the bunker, and then deploy with B Company to support C Company. D Company is slated for refit, so they will be held in reserve until such time as they are needed. An ambush is considered to be unlikely, but if that does occur, B Company&apos;s mission will be canceled and it will deploy to support magical girls are clustered around a Shock and Awe power-set, so, platoon leaders, you&apos;ll want to deploy to maximize that if you can.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thank you sir.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not at all. Are there any other questions?&quot;</p><p>Silence.</p><p>&quot;Very well, A Company is dismissed to begin preparations. Magical girls, come to the front, I&apos;ve got some things to discuss.&quot;</p><p>The canteen dissolved into chaos.</p><p>&quot;Ack!&quot; yelped Ryouta. The armored figures around him were like a great, black, metallic sea. Without the agility of a magical girl, Ryouta found himself unable to advance or retreat, pushed around simply because he was a small fish surrounded by behemoths. At the rate things were going, he&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;felt a gloved hand close around his own.</p><p>&quot;Stick close, okay?&quot; said Emma, pulling him towards her. She gave him an amused smile. &quot;Don&apos;t go wandering off like that, there&apos;s too many people, and you&apos;ll be late to the meeting.&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-oh, t-thanks,&quot; said Ryouta, letting himself be tugged along as Emma strong-armed her way through the crowd. &quot;W-what&apos;s Alanis going to t-talk about?&quot;</p><p>Why was he stammering? There was no reason for him to be stammering.</p><p>&quot;Probably something about how we&apos;re going to run the upcoming mission,&quot; said Emma. She pulled him close as a heavy weapons specialist pushed a crate of explosives past. Ryouta yelped again, both in surprise and from the crate clipping his arm. &quot;Ah, you okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I&apos;m f-fine,&quot; said Ryouta. He flushed, very aware of how close they were.</p><p>&quot;Cool, come on.&quot;</p><p>The two of them emerged from the bustle and hurried over to where Alanis was starting the meeting. Halfway there, Emma realized that she was still holding on to Ryouta&apos;s hand. Somehow, this didn&apos;t really bother her. She kept her fingers curled loosely around his until the meeting ended. The little pocket of warmth between her fingers trembled slightly, but calmed down with time.</p><p>It was a pleasant, but also strange, like putting on new cleats after your previous pair had grown too small.</p><p>&quot;Right then, we&apos;ve got a few hours, so we&apos;ll split up,&quot; said Alanis. &quot;Emily, Emma, we&apos;ll work on getting a better idea of how to integrate everyone&apos;s power sets. Tracy, Vira, and Motya, you three will need to work on expanding your powers. Bounce ideas off of each other, and try for flexibility.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ryouta, you should probably go with the others,&quot; said Emma. &quot;We&apos;ll be in a VR room, right Alanis? Same as last time?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, I&apos;ve got a stack of empty residence blocks we can use,&quot; said Alanis. She glanced down at Emma and Ryouta&apos;s hands, then back up. &quot;We&apos;ll be heading over to Section 17-H. Don&apos;t be too late.&quot;</p><p>She gestured at Emily, and the two of them leaped away. Vira, Motya, and Tracy glanced amongst themselves.</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll, uh, get going too then,&quot; said Tracy, holding back a grin. &quot;There&apos;s an empty canteen at Section 12-D we can tear up, so, um, see you guys later.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Good luck, senpai!&quot; said Vira, before she left with Motya and Tracy.</p><p>Emma and Ryouta flushed at the comment, awkwardly looking away from each other as the group of new girls departed. They stayed silent for awhile, neither quite ready to breach the steadily thickening awkwardness between them.</p><p>&quot;I, uh&#x2026; we&apos;re still holding hands,&quot; said Ryouta.</p><p>&quot;Ah, yeah, we are,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Do you&#x2026; want me to stop?&quot;</p><p>&quot;N-no, it&apos;s n-nice,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;But um, we&apos;ve only known each other for a day or so.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s true,&quot; said Emma, fidgeting. &quot;It&apos;s also&#x2026; not the most professional thing.&quot;</p><p>Emma looked back up at Ryouta. They both had jobs to do here. Ryouta had his photographs to take, and, from the brief amount of his world that Emma had seen, it wasn&apos;t something you could do while distracted by a girl. Emma certainly couldn&apos;t lead a team while sighing about a boy, and regardless of everything else, they hadn&apos;t known each other for every long at all. Even if there wasn&apos;t a war and they were both still in school, things were going much too quickly.</p><p>&quot;Heh, you know, if we were in a shoujo anime, this could totally work,&quot; said Emma. Her smile was bittersweet. &quot;I&apos;d take you to the top of the building, and we&apos;d confess to each other with the sunset in the background, or do something else horribly cheesy.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta laughed. &quot;Yeah, that&apos;d probably happen wouldn&apos;t it? Still, it&apos;s safe to say we&apos;re both i-interested in each other, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, that&apos;s probably accurate,&quot; said Emma. She sighed. &quot;I&apos;ve&#x2026; got another person to talk to about this stuff too though.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta raised an eyebrow.</p><p>&quot;I mean, like, she mentioned something about being into me, but we never actually talked about it, so I don&apos;t really know what&apos;s going on,&quot; said Emma, blushing darker. &quot;S-so, I&apos;d ask you if you still wanted to get dinner, but uh, I need to hash things out, and I don&apos;t want to leave anyone hanging, you know?&quot;</p><p>Ryouta marshaled a smile to this. &quot;Well, that&apos;d be bad for everyone involved, right? I&apos;ll umm&#x2026; I&apos;ll wait for you then? Call me?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded, pulling back her hand. &quot;I will. I promise, whichever way things go, I&apos;ll definitely call you and let you know.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta nodded. He looked at his hand, a little sadly.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll&#x2026; see you later then, I guess?&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Awuh? Oh, right, yeah,&quot; said Ryouta. He fidgeted in place, looking away and playing with the hem of his shirt. &quot;I uh&#x2026; c-could you&#x2014; that is&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>There was just enough time for Emma to raise a confused eyebrow before Ryouta, blushing, stood on the tips of his toes and very briefly kissed her. Their noses got in the way and he sort of missed and overall it was just generally sort of awkward, but it was still a kiss. Emma&apos;s first kiss.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;llseeyoulaterbye!&quot; Ryouta said in a rush, before running away and leaving Emma blinking after him in a daze.</p>
</div></body></html>