<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>14. Prepare for Extraction</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>14. Prepare for Extraction</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The canteen that Tracy, Vira, and Motya had taken over for practice had been twisted into a heap of shattered metal and plastic. A single picnic table remained. The cobblestones beneath it marked a line of demarcation that separated civil discourse from the rude vociferation caused by three magical girls doing their level best to create a perfect storm of blades, explosives, and flammable liquids.</p><p>&quot;And so, as a result of that, I think that it should be possible for me to combine many different distillations to get a wide variety of results,&quot; said Motya, sipping from her teacup as she, Vira, and Tracy sat across from Emily, Emma, and Ryouta at the picnic table. &quot;Now that I know how to stabilize fire breathing, it should be relatively simple to stabilize other destructive distillations and apply them directly into combat.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh, well, that&apos;s a thing,&quot; said Emily, resting her cheek against one hand as she nibbled on a slice of cake. &quot;You guys did some pretty fast work here.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, we had a lotta help,&quot; said Vira, looking down at her tea with a slight blush from the praise. &quot;Saoyeh knew a lot about magic, it turned out.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, only what mom has told me,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;It&apos;s not much, but I thought every little bit would help, so&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thank you, though,&quot; said Motya. &quot;It really was very helpful. Were you just curious when you were younger?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, it&apos;s just something I have a passing interest in,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;I&apos;m just exposed to it often, in a matriarchy, so I guess it was inevitable.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I see.&quot;</p><p>The table went silent briefly, giving everyone a chance to take a bite of cake.</p><p>&quot;SO, Emma-senpai,&quot; said Vira, setting down her fork with a grin. &quot;Didya kiss?&quot;</p><p>Emma choked on her cake. &quot;W-what?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well yanno, you n&apos;Saoyeh were holdin&apos; hands all through that meetin&apos; with Alanis,&quot; said Vira. &quot;So how&apos;d it go?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m right here you know,&quot; said Ryouta, frowning at her with a blush.</p><p>&quot;Hush, the girls are talking,&quot; said Vira, flapping her hand at him.</p><p>&quot;W-well I m-mean&#x2026;&quot; began Emma, swallowing her cake and doing her level best not to do anything incredibly embarrassing. &quot;I&#x2014; we, uh&#x2026; I guess it was nice&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Vira&apos;s grin grew. &quot;D&apos;ya mean &apos;nice&apos; or like &apos;<em>nice</em>&apos;?&quot;</p><p>Motya slapped her on the arm. &quot;Vira! That&apos;s incredibly uncouth!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Beh, prude,&quot; said Vira. She rolled her eyes at Motya as Emily and Tracy dissolved into giggles. Emma and Ryouta simply went red out of mortification. &quot;Didn&apos;t ya&apos; ever make out with a guy?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wha&#x2014; no, I have not,&quot; said Motya, looking increasingly scandalized. &quot;It is improper!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well then yur jus&apos; weird,&quot; said Vira. &quot;I know plenty a&apos;people who sleep around all the time, what&apos;s so weird about it?&quot;</p><p>Motya seemed about ready to explode as Emily and Tracy nearly fell out of their seats from laughter.</p><p>&quot;I-in any case, it&apos;s not like we&apos;re going to do anything right before the mission,&quot; said Emma, schooling her emotions and taking a sip of tea. &quot;We need to be ready.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ehh, it&apos;d be better to have the experience before hand wouldn&apos;t it?&quot; said Vira. &quot;Just go to one of the abandoned residence cubes and&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>Motya physically slapped a hand over Vira&apos;s mouth before she could finish her sentence, much to Vira&apos;s outrage. By this point Emily and Tracy were having difficulty breathing, while Ryouta was doing his best to disappear.</p><p>A cheery voice broke in over telepathy, largely unnoticed between the hysterics and the outraged squabbling. &quot;Am I interrupting something?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No Senbey, Vira&apos;s just being a twat,&quot; said Emma, giving Vira an unamused look while Ryouta quietly combusted next to her. &quot;What&apos;s up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Many things, do you have a specific query?&quot; replied Senbey. It materialized unnoticed into the space just over the teapot, barely making the landing on top of the lid, and slid off with a quiet thump.</p><p>&quot;Er, I meant, do you have any reason for being here?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;I assume that Incubators don&apos;t do social calls.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, yes, that is true,&quot; said Senbey. &quot;Standard procedure is to allow the system to progress under its own power as much as possible. I am here for other reasons.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What reasons?&quot;</p><p>&quot;A variety of reasons,&quot; said Senbey, hopping onto Emma&apos;s shoulder. &quot;One of them is to take measurements of yourself, Vira, and Motya before your mission begins.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh right, I&apos;m your science experiment aren&apos;t I? Am I of sufficient interest then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Absolutely! It&apos;s all very intriguing!&quot; said Senbey, waving its tail rapidly. &quot;Your soul gem readouts, for example, have unique regressions that are quite rare in the magical girl population.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh hey, it&apos;s Senbey!&quot; said Vira, breaking free of Motya&apos;s grip. &quot;Hey there Senbey, how&apos;re ya doin&apos;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I am quite well, Vira!&quot; said Senbey, cocking its head to the side with a smile. &quot;How is everyone doing?&quot;</p><p>As it turned out, Senbey was the Incubator responsible for Tracy, Vira, and Motya&apos;s contracts. They chatted for a bit about life as a magical girl and what they were experiencing. Senbey said some vague things in general sympathy for Tracy&apos;s body loss, but things started getting awkward quickly.</p><p>&quot;We should get going,&quot; said Emily eventually. &quot;The mission is supposed to start in an hour, but we should get there early and get situated.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll have to stay here,&quot; said Ryouta as the group got up to go. &quot;Since I&apos;m basically a civilian, and you don&apos;t need another person to protect. My drones will follow you guys just like before, and I&apos;ll make sure to keep in contact through the local network.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright, then I&apos;ll see you when we get back,&quot; said Emma, giving him a smile. &quot;We&apos;ll uh, figure things out then, yeah?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, of course,&quot; said Ryouta, smiling back at her. &quot;Stay safe, okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Kisssssssssssssss,&quot; hissed Vira.</p><p>&quot;Vira!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ow!&quot;</p><hr/><p>The company would be leaving through one of the surface gates, designed for tanks and other large vehicles. Four tanks would lead the column. The column would then be flanked by IFVs, and backed by more four more tanks. If all went well, the excessive firepower would be only for show. The magical girls were to be riding on the drones being used to transport the civilians. It wasn&apos;t the best cover, but it was unlikely to matter this far back from the line. The morale boost to the civilians was more important. Even so, it made Emma feel wary.</p><p>Senbey had come along with them for some reason. The Incubator rode along on Emma&apos;s shoulder as Team 4 made its way towards the drone they would be riding in.</p><p>&quot;You know, it&apos;s very interesting!&quot; Senbey said idly. &quot;Of all the girls here, Vira has the most potential.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;I guess?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;Where&apos;d that come from? And how is it interesting?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, ah, perhaps it&apos;s not that interesting to you, but I think it is,&quot; said Senbey. &quot;I mention it because there is a girl with an impressive amount of potential in the transport you are going on. I hope to contract her before she leaves Helsinberg.&quot;</p><p>Emma nearly came to a halt in front of a combat drone. It backpedaled furiously and managed to avoid her.</p><p>&quot;Oi, ya&apos;lright there, senpai?&quot; asked Vira, slightly alarmed.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine,&quot; said Emma, forcing a smile as her blood went cold. &quot;Senbey, are you saying you want to get another girl into this mess?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, not this conflict <em>particularly</em>,&quot; said Senbey. &quot;But I do have duties as an Incubator, after all. Wouldn&apos;t you do the same if you were in my position?&quot;</p><p>&quot;But there&apos;s a time and place for these things! This is neither! And besides, there&apos;s Incubators at the rear who can contract her if she really does have potential.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re not wrong,&quot; said Senbey, nodding. &quot;I agree it&apos;s not the best time, but her potential is situational, and will fade by the time she makes it to safety. So, I&apos;m asking for your help.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What, help you convince her?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No no no,&quot; Senbey said quickly. &quot;Nothing like that. I&apos;d just like it if you&apos;d speak to her and help collect her thoughts. If she makes a wish, I will of course grant it, but we Incubators do not seek to make untenable contracts, if we can manage it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2014;,&quot; began Emma, before biting her lip. There was a world of difference between a contract made when things were going poorly and a contract made when you had a chance to really think about the consequences. This was hardly the latter, and Emma would really rather just make sure the girl got to safety and didn&apos;t bother with wishes and contracts and everything else.</p><p>But on the other hand, wishes were the chance of a lifetime. Emma wouldn&apos;t have given up her wish for anything. Maybe a different wish, depending, but it had changed her life, and she didn&apos;t regret making it. She didn&apos;t think she ever would. It didn&apos;t sit comfortably with her not to give someone else with potential a chance to think about it, at least.</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;Do you know her name?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course,&quot; said Senbey, flicking its tail once. &quot;Her name is Mikoto Albright.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2014; Alright, I&apos;ll help you,&quot; said Emma. &quot;She needs to understand what she&apos;s getting into, if she makes a wish, so I&apos;ll go talk to her.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Good!&quot; said Senbey, flicking its tail the opposite way. &quot;Thank you Emma, I really appreciate it! I&apos;m sure that together, we can help Mikoto reach the right decision.&quot;</p><hr/><p>The transport was a huge, resilient looking thing, designed for carrying very large, very heavy loads on a wide flatbed trailer. Its wheels were as wide as Emma was tall, and the bed itself was another wheel&apos;s width higher. Sheets of ablative plating had been bolted onto the sides, making it somewhat more resistant to any possible attack. When they got there, Vira immediately went to jump to the top.</p><p>&quot;Hey wait,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Don&apos;t do that. The civvies have enough on their mind without getting surprised by a magical girl. Climb up by the ladder.&quot;</p><p>Vira blinked, then nodded. &quot;Oh, okay.&quot;</p><p>Her feet clicked on the ladder as she climbed quickly, then swung herself onto the bed of the drone. Motya went next, and paused at the foot of the ladder.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s up?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Nothing, it&apos;s just that, I&apos;m the age as most of these people&apos;s children,&quot; said Motya, sighing quietly. &quot;It is&#x2026; rather odd, to think about.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded and smiled reassuringly. &quot;It&apos;s a little weird, sometimes, when you&apos;re giving orders and people a hundred years older than you listen. But you get used to it, you know?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I suppose,&quot; said Motya. She placed one foot on the ladder. &quot;&#x2026;I suppose I just have to go up and talk to people, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll see you up top then.&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed as Motya climbed up. She didn&apos;t feel all that different, as a person, compared to before she contracted, but she did miss being able to walk into a room and not check instinctively for firing lanes.</p><p>&quot;Are you coming up, Senbey?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;No, I think it would be best to be discrete,&quot; said Senbey. It paused, vanishing from Emma&apos;s shoulder and reappearing buried up to its neck in the concrete. It sighed. &quot;Again with the sign errors. In any case, there will be enough time for her to make a contract before she leaves for the evacuation area. I will reappear at the opportune moment.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright,&quot; said Emma, nodding. She couldn&apos;t help but smile at the Incubator&apos;s head popping out of the ground like some sort of freakish fungus. &quot;See you later.&quot;</p><p>Emma walked over to the ladder, climbed up, and swung herself in. The bed of the drone was packed with people, huddled in groups with family and friends. A railing was set up to keep people from falling off. Vira and Motya had shuffled themselves into a small, open area to wait for Emma, and were fidgeting awkwardly as the assembly tried to be polite but couldn&apos;t restrain staring and whispering.</p><p>&quot;Well then,&quot; Emma muttered to herself, then waved at Vira and Motya to follow her. She walked to the front of the vehicle, giving people reassuring smiles as she went and setting her nomenclator to find Mikoto Albright.</p><p>Mikoto was sitting off to the side with her family. An only child, apparently, with long black hair tied back with a ribbon at the end. She sat with her knees tucked up under her chin, huddled into her parents&apos; side for comfort. She was much, much younger than Emma had expected, only eleven years old. Not ideal at all, but that was something to work on later. Emma needed to do her job, first, and make sure all of the civilians would be prepared in case something happened.</p><p>&quot;Excuse me, but could you move a little?&quot; she asked of a family sitting at the front. They nodded wordlessly and got out of her way. &quot;Thanks.&quot;</p><p>A deep breath. &quot;Good morning everyone, if I could please have your attention,&quot; said Emma. &quot;My name is Second Lieutenant Emma Sinclair. I will be working with you all today to ensure everyone has a safe ride to the train station. We&apos;re not expecting much combat, but I&apos;d like to go over the emergency procedures with everyone before we get started.&quot;</p><p>It was the standard speech that they&apos;d fed her in training. Her TacComp modulated a lot of the issues with anxiety, and her military implants let her make sure everyone was watching the presentation as it went along.</p><p>&quot;If you have any questions, any one of us can try and answer them,&quot; said Emma as she finished up. &quot;We&apos;ll be getting underway in the next forty minutes or so, so please use the restroom and take care of other last minute business now.&quot;</p><hr/><p>There hadn&apos;t been that many questions. Emma had been able to foist them off to Vira and Motya halfway through when she spotted Mikoto getting up to use the restroom. She caught up with Mikoto as the younger girl was walking back.</p><p>Emma paused uncertainly on a roof a block away. The young girl was wringing her hands, looking down at the ground and walking slowly. Others passed her at higher speed, but Mikoto seemed oddly reluctant. She kept looking up and pausing.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s probably best to speak to her now,&quot; said Senbey. It was unusually quiet as it faded into place beside her. &quot;I have linked her to you telepathically already.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;Thanks,&quot; said Emma. She shifted nervously. &quot;Ah&#x2026; Mikoto?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto froze in the middle of the street, going stiff with shock. She looked around.</p><p>&quot;H-hello?&quot; she said out loud. Emma heard her only because of her enhanced hearing.</p><p>&quot;Try thinking it,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&apos;m speaking to you over telepathy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hello?&quot; Mikoto asked again. Her telepathy was loud and unpracticed, and made Emma wince. &quot;W-who are you?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m Emma, the magical girl who was talking earlier,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Uhh, I&apos;ll meet you in an alleyway? To your left. I need to talk to you about&#x2026; things.&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-okay.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto glanced to the sides, then walked across to Emma&apos;s side of the street. Emma hopped across the roofs to where Mikoto was, then jumped down. The younger girl squeaked and jumped as Emma landed at the end of the alley.</p><p>&quot;Sorry, are you alright?&quot; asked Emma, switching back to speaking out loud. &quot;I didn&apos;t mean to scare you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2014; I&apos;m okay,&quot; said Mikoto, looking down and away. She fiddled with the hem of her shirt. &quot;I&#x2014; you were talking in my head.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;D-does that mean&#x2026;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, yes,&quot; said Emma, looking away awkwardly. &quot;I&#x2026; Senbey asked me to talk to you about making a contract.&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-oh, okay,&quot; said Mikoto. She didn&apos;t look up to meet Emma&apos;s eyes. &quot;D-do you need my wish right now?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No no no, you don&apos;t need to make a wish right now,&quot; said Emma hurriedly. She stepped forward, slinging off her backpack and setting it down nearby. &quot;That&apos;s sort of what I wanted to talk about. Becoming a magical girl is a really big step, and I wanted to make sure you knew what you were getting into. What um... what do you know about magical girls?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto fidgeted. &quot;Umm, I know they&apos;re supposed to protect humanity. A-and that they&apos;re super important for helping fight the Cephola- er, cepheloa&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Cephalopods,&quot; said Emma. Mikoto pouted at her.</p><p>&quot;Ceph. A. Lo. Pods,&quot; said Mikoto carefully, before continuing. &quot;And that you get a wish, and it can be any wish in the world. B-but, t-that&apos;s about it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s about right,&quot; said Emma, nodding. &quot;Do you know how difficult it is, as a job?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ummm, not really,&quot; said Mikoto, shaking her head. &quot;I mean, it has to be difficult, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s a lot more difficult than you think it is,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I wanted to talk to you because, well, most people don&apos;t realize how difficult it is.&quot; She took a deep breath and sighed. Goddess, this was difficult. &quot;I&#x2026; I don&apos;t want to scare you, but it&apos;s very dangerous. A lot of girls&#x2026; get hurt very badly. You&apos;re very young, so we&apos;ll want you to go with your parents back to the rear, where you can get trained, but you will still need to do dangerous things later. Do you have a wish at all?&quot;</p><p>&quot;N-not really,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;I&#x2026; I never thought I&apos;d get a chance, and I don&apos;t really have anything to wish for. I&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>She stopped, taking a shaky breath. Emma winced.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s just that the squid arrived, right?&quot; said Emma. &quot;It&apos;s scary. Do you&#x2026; want a hug?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto nodded. Emma stepped forward and pulled her into a hug, smoothing the young girl&apos;s hair back. She stood there for a minute, letting Mikoto get her feelings back under control.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s okay to be scared, Mikoto,&quot; said Emma gently. &quot;Everybody gets scared.&quot;</p><p>&quot;N-not you guys,&quot; said Mikoto quietly.</p><p>&quot;Hm?&quot;</p><p>&quot;M-magical girls and soldiers, I mean,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;You go out and fight them, and make them go away.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, well, we get scared too you know,&quot; said Emma. &quot;We just try our best to hide it when we&apos;re fighting.&quot;</p><p>&quot;R-really?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, we&apos;re still people,&quot; said Emma. She pulled away from Mikoto to give her a grin. &quot;But we&apos;re still going to make sure you and your parents are safe. It&apos;s okay to be scared, but we&apos;ll protect you, Mikoto.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto swallowed and nodded. &quot;O-okay.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Here,&quot; Emma said, pulling Mikoto over to Emma&apos;s backpack. It was weird, but Emma had never gotten around to taking out the teddy bear. It had stayed there ever since Emma had picked it up on the outskirts of Helsinberg. Now, it was suddenly useful. Emma pulled it out and handed it to Mikoto. &quot;I got this teddy bear for some reason, but I never really needed it. I&apos;m giving it to you now. If you&apos;re scared, just give him a hug, okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-okay,&quot; said Mikoto, taking the teddy bear and squeezing it tightly. &quot;W-what his name?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I never named him,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Why don&apos;t you come up with one?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto frowned and thought hard. &quot;Mmmm&#x2026; how about Yokkun?&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s a great name,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Hold on to him, okay? And, if you don&apos;t have a wish yet, it&apos;s okay,&quot; said Emma. She stepped back and put her hands on Mikoto&apos;s shoulders, looking the girl in the eye. &quot;You don&apos;t have to make a wish. Being a magical girl is really difficult and dangerous, so you should only make a wish if you really, really want it. You have to be sure.&quot;</p><p>&quot;H-how do you know if you&apos;re sure?&quot; asked Mikoto.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;ll know,&quot; said Emma confidently. &quot;Just keep asking yourself if you&apos;re really, really sure about your wish. If you&apos;re really sure, your soul will tell you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How will my soul tell me?&quot; asked Mikoto, giving Emma a confused head tilt.</p><p>Emma grinned. &quot;It&apos;ll find a way.&quot;</p><hr/><p>&quot;For now, her potential has disappeared,&quot; said Senbey, perching itself onto Emma&apos;s shoulder as Mikoto made her way back to the transport drone. &quot;Do you think you did the right thing?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I think so,&quot; said Emma. She was standing on the roof again, watching Mikoto walk back. &quot;A wish is too important to just make up. You shouldn&apos;t have any regrets if you&apos;re making a wish, especially at a time like this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Very well,&quot; said Senbey. &quot;Still, if her potential returns, she wants to make a contract later, and you are not available, I will accept her wish. She knows what a contract entails now.&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed. &quot;That&apos;s fair, I guess. Thanks again, Senbey.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>