<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>15. Pressing Onwards</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>15. Pressing Onwards</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The convoy moved out, slowly at first to keep the civilians from sliding around, but quickly gaining speed.</p><p>&quot;This is&#x2026; a little exposed,&quot; said Motya over telepathy. She glanced about uncertainly as their transport emerged from the exit tunnel. The vehicle jostled them as it went over the lip of the ramp, causing a few of the smaller children to lose their balance.</p><p>&quot;It is, yeah,&quot; said Emma. She cast a look up at the buildings around them. &quot;Well, it&apos;s like Alanis said. Keep an eye out.&quot;</p><p>Vira gave Motya&apos;s arm a little squeeze, before the two of them went to opposite sides of the transport to keep watch. Emma stayed where she was, standing in the middle of the transport. Hopefully, she&apos;d draw the fire from anything that wanted to kill them. There were problems to this plan, of course, but the other option was to leave the civilians exposed. This way, she hoped, she could at least buy some time for the civilians&apos; emergency mode to activate.</p><p>Emma&apos;s HUD beeped and updated, feeding into her brain directly. Emily had passed their first checkpoint, and hadn&apos;t seen anything. Sensors hadn&apos;t detected anything except for the usual random atmospheric artifacts.</p><p>Emma sighed. This was always the annoying part of missions. If things went well, the mission would be incredibly boring and nothing would happen, but the tension made her restless. She could see Vira fidgeting as the younger girl kept an eye on the surroundings. Motya seemed to have her nerves under control though.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re awfully calm,&quot; Emma commented to Motya over teamcomm.</p><p>&quot;Ah, it&apos;s just part of what&apos;s expected where I come from,&quot; said Motya. &quot;Keep still and don&apos;t fidget even if you&apos;re nervous, I was always taught.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What&apos;d you need ta do that had you nervous?&quot; asked Vira. &quot;Goin&apos; ta all those parties can&apos;t have been that stressful.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well you <em>would</em> expect that, wouldn&apos;t you?&quot; said Motya with a patient sigh. &quot;But for me, parties were never so much a place to have fun so much as a place to make more contacts.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeesh, Lieutenant,&quot; said one of the soldiers. &quot;That sounds terrible.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It was not the best, no,&quot; said Motya. &quot;But, well, at least I did not suffer alone or needlessly. My lab&apos;s PI had to go too, and he <em>hated</em> it with a passion. Would have much rather been writing science postings.&quot;</p><p>&quot;From what Anna tells me, research funding these days comes mostly from publicity?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Yes, but it also depends on the nature of your research,&quot; said Motya. &quot;You see, development of wine varietals hinges heavily on being able to move your product after development. As a result, it is important to&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Say, senpai, what&apos;re we doin&apos; after this?&quot; asked Vira as Motya continued talking with the others in the background. &quot;Are me &apos;n Motya gonna be attached to yur unit for awhile?&quot;</p><p>&quot;One step at a time, Vira,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Focus on the task at hand. I&apos;m not sure though. We&apos;ll get more orders later.&quot;</p><p>&quot;M&apos;kay,&quot; said Vira, falling silent. &quot;...Senpai, what&apos;re we gonna do after it&apos;s all over then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Eh?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Like, one of these days, me&apos;n Motya are gonna be good enough to run our own platoons right?&quot; said Vira. &quot;What happens then?&quot;</p><p>Emma was quiet for a moment.</p><p>&quot;Well, you two need to go to training first, you know?&quot; said Emma. &quot;Proper training, I mean, instead of this rushed stuff. You&apos;ll go and do well on all the practical stuff, and, uh, I don&apos;t know what after. But we&apos;ll stay in contact, yeah?&quot;</p><p>&quot;O&apos; course,&quot; said Vira. &quot;It&apos;s just, well...&quot; She trailed off, leaving her thoughts unsaid.</p><p>A report from the second checkpoint propagated through. Emily had passed the checkpoint without any issues, sensors still coming back clean. Emma&apos;s platoon passed the first checkpoint as well, sending back the same result.</p><p>The complete lack of activity was mildly disquieting, if Emma was honest. It was to be expected, to some degree, but the last time this had happened in the sims, the company had been blasted by an artillery barrage. A cloaked team of squid Airborne had called it in clandestinely, and the only warning had been some-</p><p>&quot;Getting some white noise on the sensors,&quot; one of the soldiers in Emma&apos;s platoon said.</p><p>-white noise.</p><p>&quot;Huh, that&apos;s weird,&quot; said another soldier while Emma hurriedly compared her memory to the current reading. They formed a clean match. &quot;I guess Military&apos;s-&quot;</p><p>&quot;BRACE FOR IMPACT!&quot; Emma shouted. Her magic flared, throwing out a dome of wind as she-</p><p>-crashed to her knees, brilliant blue-white fire cascading over her shield. The transport tilted as another flash of light blanked out her vision. She could hear screams and tearing metal as vertigo suddenly took hold, black dots dancing across her vision as implants adjusted and-</p><p>-she landed on her side, instincts shouting at her as she struggled to her feet. The implants in her retinas reset her vision and flicked to partial ultraviolet. Young and old lay scattered about her as mortar fire began to cascade downward. The transport abruptly slewed left and avoided an inbound mortar. Each body was flagged with red, purple, and blue as an IFV pulled in to-</p><p>-immediately be skewered by an intense beam of ultraviolet light.</p><p>&quot;Get into the basement and stay there!&quot; Emma heard herself shouting as the first civilian began to come out of shock-induced fugue. Their implants had already kicked into emergency mode. &quot;We&apos;ll cover you!&quot;</p><p>The civilian nodded wordlessly, already helping up one of her neighbors. More IFVs roared in, laying down suppressing fire with their autocannon while Emma pushed up a barrier of magic and dust around the civilians.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s locked!&quot; someone shouted.</p><p>Emma spun with a snarl of frustration, then punched an air jet into the nearest door, caving it in and letting the civilians run inside. She shifted the barrier to get better coverage. Just a few more and-</p><p>-another explosion, consuming one of the IFVs. Shit, shit, where was-</p><p><em>-there</em>-</p><p>Fire lit the upper floors of the buildings on the opposite side of the road. Emma pulled the wind around her as a glittering shower of polyglass rained onto the platoon. Breath in, breath out, go <em>up-</em></p><p><em>-</em>and <em>through</em>-</p><p>There was a bright flash as Emma&apos;s magic bit into cephalopod shields. The alien fell backwards as Emma crashed through the window and into the room. Another flash, then the crackle of failing shields as her halberd broke through and punched through armor plate. A step forward to-</p><p>-spin in place and blast an attack drone through the wall before-</p><p>-lashing out with a foot to shatter the squid&apos;s knee, step forward, pull the halberd back out to-</p><p>-decapitate another drone, then swing her weapon&apos;s blade back around to remove the squid&apos;s head.</p><p>&quot;Emma, we&apos;re inbound to your position!&quot; Varsha called out over telepathy. &quot;Get into cover and hold out for a bit longer!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Understood,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Local area network online,&quot; noted her TacComp.</p><p>&quot;Lieutenant, we&apos;re holding out in the buildings, what are your orders?&quot; one of the sergeants said immediately.</p><p>&quot;Fall back, I&apos;ve got you covered,&quot; said Emma, the air around her suffused in blue light. She shifted her weight, then stepped forward, halberd ready, and-</p><p>-punching through two walls into another squid, breaking its shields immediately and sending it crashing to the floor. With a scream, Emma launched herself forward again to ram her halberd through its skull. The crack echoed as she spun, magic wreathing her in a halo of blue light and before a-</p><p>-detonation blew out the windows on that floor as Emma pushed <em>out</em> and <em>away</em>, ripping through walls and floors to knock the entire platoon of cephalopods down.</p><p>&quot;Unload on the building, don&apos;t stop until it&apos;s rubble!&quot; Emma shouted, then flew upwards through the new atrium to land two floors up. Two drones flew at her and were swiped out of the air. She stepped forward and-</p><p>-burst into the air as shells from her platoon&apos;s autocannon streaked past and time slowed, her senses kicking into overdrive as the projectiles flashed past glowing red hot and missiles began to launch, their payloads of thermobaric explosives primed. She only had a millisecond but it was-</p><p><em>twist to the right, boost up and out, get space</em></p><p>-just-</p><p><em>now left, forwards, dodge the missile by the tip of a skirt</em></p><p>-enough to get her clear, spin around, and form a shield as the face of the building erupted into fire. She rode the shockwave on her magic, letting it push her back to the same side of the street as her platoon.</p><p>&quot;Everybody, move up!&quot; Emily called out. &quot;They got us flanked, but we have the-&quot;</p><p>Emma didn&apos;t have time to scream before she felt herself hurled through the air, electricity crackling off of her as a Reaper&apos;s laser cannon ripped electrons from the air from its sheer power. There was a distant snapping sound, and she felt her body jerk twice, before stopping hard against something. The BattleNet was alive with shouting, soldiers trying to coordinate something as the squid made another push.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s another offensive!&quot; someone cried out. &quot;We can&apos;t hold this position! Fall back to the train station!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Second platoon, fall back,&quot; intoned Timaeus, his voice smooth and mellow over comms. &quot;Squad One and Three, screen Squads Two and Four as they move. Leapfrog maneuver towards the train station. Keep spread out, I don&apos;t want to see any squads get blasted by a mortar strike. Lieutenant Sinclair, can you read me?&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked twice before she remembered that was her name.</p><p>&quot;Y-yeah I- I can read you,&quot; said Emma shakily. Her TacComp was spooling through another laundry list of damaged systems. Fuck. &quot;I&#x2026; I think I&apos;m alive.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s good,&quot; said Timaeus. &quot;Can you move? I can route someone-&quot;</p><p>&quot;NO,&quot; said Emma forcefully. She was thinking more clearly now, and her gem&apos;s corruption was increasing gradually. Thank the Goddess for her training and instinctively trying to heal herself. &quot;No, I&apos;m going to be fine. Get everyone out of here, nothing&apos;s going to notice me right now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;...Sir, that&apos;s not-&quot;</p><p>&quot;I can catch up, I have the skills, just move,&quot; said Emma. She couldn&apos;t feel her legs, which probably meant that-</p><p>-FUCK-</p><p>-her back was no longer broken, but Goddess that had been painful. And it didn&apos;t even actually work, all she&apos;d done was re-fuse the vertebrae magically so that she wouldn&apos;t topple over.</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll wait for you on Fifth and Eighth,&quot; said Timaeus firmly. &quot;We&apos;ll meet up there. Here&apos;s the marker.&quot;</p><p>The blip appeared on Emma&apos;s vision as she shakily climbed back to her feet, using her halberd as support to-</p><p>-fall back down again as a massive explosion shook the building. Emma felt it tilt. The building was collapsing, shit, she had to get out or she&apos;d-</p><p>-see Mina Guyere teleport in reach her arm out to grab Emma&apos;s and-</p><p>-land a moment later in the train station within a ring of medical personnel.</p><p>&quot;What-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hold on,&quot; said Mina, before teleporting out again.</p><p>&quot;But-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Lieutenant, get out of the receiving area!&quot; shouted one of the soldiers.</p><p>Emma jumped, then moved as quickly as she could, reaching the ring of medical personnel as Mina reappeared, carrying one wounded soldier and accompanied by two more. A medical drone slid up, just high enough for Emma to collapse back onto. A handful of grief cubes extended from her backpack&apos;s arm, tapping against her gem.</p><p>&quot;Emma!&quot; called Motya, pushing her way through the assembly. She conjured a bottle of vodka, pushing it into Emma&apos;s hands. &quot;Are you alright? Here, the net says you are injured.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; said Emma, grabbing the bottle and throwing back a slug. &quot;How did we turn out? Are the civvies okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;We- they&apos;re mostly fine,&quot; said Motya, swallowing. &quot;They didn&apos;t all make it, but the ones who did are okay.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Good. How many casualties?&quot;</p><p>Motya swallowed again. &quot;U-um, thirty-two percent.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s good,&quot; said Emma, smiling slightly then taking another drink of vodka. &quot;Better than in the sims.&quot;</p><p>&quot;B-better?!&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked, looking up at Motya. The younger girl seemed close to tears.</p><p>&quot;We did the best we could,&quot; said Emma, putting her hand on Motya&apos;s upper arm and gripping tightly. &quot;We did the best we could and that&apos;s all we can do.&quot;</p><p>&quot;R-right,&quot; said Motya. She took a shaky breath. &quot;S-sorry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t be, we&apos;ve all been there,&quot; said Emma. She paused to swallow more vodka and winced as she felt her vertebrae pop back into place. &quot;Now go on, help out. Things&apos;ll be alright.&quot; She slapped Motya on the shoulder and pushed her towards the medical teams.</p><p>Motya forced a brittle smile and nodded. &quot;Right!&quot;</p><p>Emma sent her off with an encouraging grin, before sighing deeply and rubbing at her face.</p><p>Gah. This sucked.</p><p>No time to lose. Emma hopped off of the medical drone and hurried towards the upper decks, where the trains pulled in and most of the defenders were gathered.</p><p>The only reason for an ambush like this was if things were happening, and &quot;things happening&quot; usually spelled bad news. Judging by the scale of things, it was likely a renewed offensive against the human lines. Updates filtered in, telling her that her platoon was being rescued piecemeal, but quickly enough that nobody was suffering any casualties. Emma&apos;s extravagantly violent response to the ambush had given her platoon enough breathing room to extract smoothly.</p><p>&quot;Heads up, incoming rounds!&quot;</p><p>Emma ducked as an explosion rattled against the side of the train station. Dust fell from the ceiling as she ran. She skidded to a stop at the bottom of a stairwell and jumped up, dodging a drone and landing neatly atop a passing soldier&apos;s complement of attack drones.</p><p>&quot;Hello,&quot; Emma said politely, nodding at the startled soldier, before jumping onto the railing overlooking the interior of the train station.</p><p>The station was packed with people. The station had four levels, standing over two hundred feet tall and serving eighty platforms all across its elliptical circumference. Wide polyglas panels normally let light shine in, but were now boarded over with large slabs of ablative plating and ceramic. Lighting for the building was instead provided by brilliantly glowing fluorescent lights.</p><p>The civilians were moving as quickly as they could onto the trains, the soldiers among them helping wherever necessary. Emergency mode was activated, keeping people calm and casting the massive complex in eerie quiet. Emma saw Mikoto near one wall, clutching the teddy bear close.</p><p>Right then.</p><p>&quot;Vira, how you holding up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright,&quot; said Vira, her voice tight with stress. &quot;I&apos;m ah, helpin&apos;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Helping where?&quot; asked Emma, looking up at the jumphook lines that stretched across the central ring. The bottom floor had been given over to stacking food and ammunition.</p><p>&quot;Up top, snipin&apos;,&quot; said Vira. &quot;I&apos;m-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Incoming!&quot;</p><p>Another explosion, making Emma wobble on the railing and the jumphook cables swing. Mikoto tripped with a small yelp, and was helped up.</p><p>&quot;Damn,&quot; Vira muttered. &quot;Got somethin&apos; in my eye.&quot;</p><p>&quot;The civilians-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah I know,&quot; Vira bit back. &quot;I don&apos;t wanna talk about. Now what d&apos;we do?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Stay up there, I&apos;m coming up as well,&quot; said Emma. &quot;So&apos;re B Company&apos;s magical girls.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, the update,&quot; said Vira. &quot;Okay, don&apos;t go where I&apos;m-&quot; a small dot appeared on Emma&apos;s HUD where Vira was &quot;-hiding, I just found out I can go invisible and you&apos;ll ruin it by showin&apos; up.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay,&quot; said Emma, waving a hand perfunctorily and making the building appear transparent on her HUD. The situation outside appeared, with soldiers taking their positions as blue plasma cascaded down. The fire of those dead and burning in the distance lit up the skyline.</p><p>A beep. Emma turned, following her HUD indicators to spot Varsha, Rebecca, Ayane, Renee, and Tracy as their forms raced across the top of the nearby buildings. Emma contacted them on telepathy.</p><p>&quot;Varsha, you&apos;re better than me at this defensive stuff. D&apos;you have a plan?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I wish,&quot; said Varsha. &quot;Nothing to do but attack. Sensors are down outside the station, and clairvoyant support is spotty at best. Everyone&apos;s stretched thin trying to keep the front from collapsing.&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed, then jumped upwards, swinging around one jumphook cable to gain momentum and launching herself up towards the ceiling and onto a ledge.</p><p>&quot;Alright, then the same as we did in training, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sounds good.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright. Tracy, how&apos;re you holding up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine,&quot; said Tracy, voice a little shaky. &quot;I&apos;ve never fought alone like that before.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Are you okay? Did you do alright?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, yeah, I&apos;m fine! It takes more than that to-&quot;</p><p>The outer lines flashed, a crackling pillar of light descending from on high and carving a path into the defenses. Rippling explosions ran down the line as the infantry was abruptly engaged in bitter combat, cephalopod armored suits flickering in and out of sight as they blasted and shot their way in.</p><p>&quot;Cut the chatter, enemy located!&quot; Varsha yelled. &quot;Everybody go!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Renee, the firestorm!&quot; Emma shouted, running out a window and leaping off the building. She coasted forward on wind currents, gaining height. &quot;Let&apos;s light &apos;em up!&quot;</p><p>&quot;With pleasure!&quot; Renee called back. Her silhouette flickered with light, as the team of magical girls swung around, sliding into a standardized combat formation. Tracy and Varsha led the way in, with Rebecca hanging back and Renee in the middle. Ayane zoomed up, disappearing into the low-hanging clouds. Updates reported that the attackers were Shock Troopers. How very typical.</p><p>A wave of return fire. High explosives briefly halted the squid advance. Opportunity called.</p><p>&quot;Now!&quot; Emma yelled.</p><p>Renee&apos;s fire lashed out, splashing against the ground and licking at squid shields. Shock Troopers were well trained, and they organized to-</p><p><em>aim for the center, knock them over like bowling pins</em></p><p>-fly through the air as Emma slammed into their center. Fire roared around her as she tugged at the air around her, spinning it into a maelstrom of flame that shorted out shields and scorched armor plating.</p><p>&quot;On your three o&apos;clock!&quot;</p><p>Emma jumped upwards with a gust of wind, letting the fires go out as Varsha and Tracy ripped into the enemy flank. Varsha&apos;s shotguns roared, the bass counterpart to the treble clangs of Tracy&apos;s blades. The Shock Troopers recoiled, then regrouped and began to return fire.</p><p>But this was a situation the five of them, Emma, Varsha, Rebecca, Ayane and Renee, had practiced many times in the sims. Without prompting, Rebecca&apos;s mind control swept over the field. The Shock Troopers came to a quivering halt, their tentacles twitching as they fought the alien mind keeping them still. With a gesture, the vanguard uncloaked, appearing in plain view.</p><p>&quot;Infantry, blast them!&quot; Emma shouted across the Battlenet.</p><p>The defenders responded dutifully. Rockets and railguns roared, smashing against enemy forms and creating blooms of fire that Renee stepped into, coaxing to greater heights.</p><p>&quot;Ayane, what are you waiting for?&quot; Renee asked.</p><p>The flyer&apos;s voice on telepathy was as close to cheerful as she could get. &quot;Just letting you have some fun!&quot;</p><p>With a screech like a hawk fighting for its territory, Ayane rocketed into the fray. Amber light spread out around her as she slammed into the squid, shielding her from fire while she slammed home her weaponry. Emma followed a second behind, magic whirling into biting whips that, coupled with Renee&apos;s fire, turned into swirling arms of plasma, cutting apart everything it hit.</p><p>The counterattack had lasted only a few seconds, but it was a counterattack they had practiced over and over and over again.</p><p>&quot;Ah, the good old Turn and Burn,&quot; said Rebecca, voice strained. &quot;Never fails.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nothing like burning through half your gem to get results, right?&quot; Emma asked tiredly. She slid to the ground behind a defensive plate and pressed a handful of cubes against her gem.</p><p>&quot;No, there is nothing quite like it,&quot; Renee groaned. Emma could see her across the way, also pressing cubes to gem. &quot;Why do we have to do all the work?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, I did stuff too!&quot; Rebecca complained. &quot;And besides, getting burned alive hurts!&quot;</p><p>Emma winced. &quot;Sorry Rebecca.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, sorry, that was inconsiderate,&quot; added Renee.</p><p>&quot;Aw, guys, it&apos;s whatever, don&apos;t worry about it,&quot; said Rebecca. &quot;Just-&quot;</p><p>Emma whirled, halberd coming up and deflecting a plasma cutter before it removed half her skull.</p><p>&quot;What-&quot;</p><p>A concussive blow to her midsection, sending Emma flying.</p><p>&quot;EMMA-!&quot;</p><p>Emma flipped to her feet, snarling as a burst of wind sent the squid attacking her flying back.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s the second wave!&quot; someone called out on TeamComm. &quot;Get me more rockets!&quot;</p><p>Varsha&apos;s telepathy was relatively calm. &quot;Rebecca, can you-?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I don&apos;t -ugh,&quot; Rebecca began, but fell silent abruptly. A moment passed before she continued. &quot;I&apos;m sorry, I don&apos;t have the cubes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay, withdraw to the station. Emma, we need to regroup. Can you and-&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll take care of it,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Renee, on my six! Ayane, over top!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Got it!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ready!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Let&apos;s go!&quot;</p><p>The world blurred, then sharpened as combat implants kicked in. Lasers burned across Emma&apos;s body as she closed in on the nearest enemy.</p><p>A brief glimpse of a cephalopod helmet, then a-</p><p>-concussive blast, rippling outwards and throwing her back and up so that-</p><p><em>easy now, don&apos;t get cocky</em></p><p>-she could twist in midair and lend her magic to Renee&apos;s. A sheet of white flame bloomed across the attacking column-</p><p><em>ride the air currents, need more altitude</em></p><p>-scorching and burning shields. The column recoiled, then charged through.</p><p>Emma grit her teeth. Damn. &quot;Ayane!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Clear the way!&quot;</p><p>Emma forced herself to the ground and ducked behind cover as an amber streak blasted from the low hanging clouds, ripping into the leading units with magical steel that punched easily through armor and shields. Return fire sliced through only empty air as Ayane pulled away sharply.</p><p>More fire, from mortar shells in a series of crackling explosions. The incendiary filler glowed, hissing angrily in a white hot cascade. A gesture from Renee ignited the particles into a rippling plasma that-</p><p><em>turn on the spot and push forward</em></p><p>-Emma blew a storm into.</p><p>Swirling arcs of fire plumed out as wind met flame. Uncoiling like a great, fiery dragon, the storm clawed its way through the enemy ranks. It was a cataclysm of destruction- a swirling inferno that smothered five city blocks and lit up the morning sky like the rising sun. An ache burned into Emma&apos;s bones as she ducked behind a barrier. She was burning through cubes too quickly. They needed breathing room, just a bit to recover, or else-</p><p>&quot;Reaper!&quot;</p><p>The alien laser left behind a thundercrack as it scorched a second path through the defenses. Emma scrambled back as a premonition passed over her mind. She could feel her hair standing on end-</p><p>-wait-</p><p>There was a colossal bang as Misa Virani appeared beneath a stroke of lightning, the pale blue light drowning out the world and casting her in a light befitting a god. In the air, behind a veil of clouds, something exploded in a plume of flame.</p><p>&quot;Fall back, quickly!&quot; Misa shouted. &quot;Get back to the station!&quot;</p><p>Emma turned and ran. She wove back and forth, ducking behind cover as necessary. The Reaper fired again, a clap of thunder flashing overhead, ripping into the front of the train station.</p><p>&quot;We have civilians down!&quot;</p><p>Emma grit her teeth and ran faster. They needed to fall back and regroup, before-</p><p>-a flash of bright white light-</p><hr/><p>&quot;Neh, Madoka?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hm?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Are we&#x2026; is this it?&quot;</p><p>Madoka raised an eyebrow, looking over to Sayaka and licking at a drop of ice cream running down her cone.</p><p>&quot;What do you mean?&quot; Madoka asked.</p><p>&quot;I mean, are we just here, forever?&quot; Sayaka asked again. She licked her own ice cream cone and brushed a lock of hair behind her ear. &quot;It feels weird, like we should be doing something.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, we&apos;re just here,&quot; said Madoka. She kicked her shoes against the red brick that made up the clocktower they were sitting on the edge of. Evening sun washed the bricks in deep orange. &quot;You&apos;re just not used to it yet.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I guess.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But you&apos;ll get used to it soon,&quot; Madoka continued, reassuringly. &quot;I remember the first time I found you just sitting here, watching the- oops, spoilers!&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s incredibly weird,&quot; said Sayaka flatly as Madoka giggled. &quot;Though, now that you mention it, this is a good place to sit and think.&quot;</p><p>&quot;See? I told you.&quot;</p><p>The two of them fell silent again.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re lucky,&quot; said Sayaka. She looked down at her ice cream. &quot;I- sorry, I shouldn&apos;t be jealous. You got a chance to do something good, and you did it. You actually pulled it off. I&#x2026; I guess, I just wish that&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Madoka looked over at Sayaka. A breeze blew at Sayaka&apos;s hair. &quot;That things had been different?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Y-yeah,&quot; sniffed Sayaka. &quot;I- with Kyousuke, and Kyouko, and Mami and Transfer- Homura. And I forgot you, and then I remembered who you were, and-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh Sayaka-chan,&quot; sighed Madoka. The ice cream vanished with a small twinkle of light pink as Madoka scooted over to bump shoulders with Sayaka. &quot;You know that none of that was your fault, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah but, but I could have done <em>something</em>,&quot; said Sayaka, swallowing and wiping her eyes. &quot;Ugh. I&apos;m crying like an idiot. S&apos;not like I can do anything when I&apos;m dead.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Now, that&apos;s not the Sayaka-chan I know,&quot; said Madoka reprovingly. &quot;Aren&apos;t you supposed to be a Hero of Justice? The magical girl who would never give up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Tch, some Hero I am,&quot; said Sayaka. &quot;I didn&apos;t even manage to do anything before I died.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s not how much you did that matters,&quot; said Madoka. &quot;All that matters is that you stood up and tried your hardest to make it real.&quot;</p><p>She smiled and looked over her shoulder.</p><p>&quot;Isn&apos;t that right, Emma?&quot;</p><hr/><p>-Emma gasped then looked around. She was lying on the ground. The world around her flickered once, twice, before stabilizing. Her HUD blinked, updating itself, radiation warnings beeping loudly.</p><p>&quot;Warning, sensory input now rebooting.&quot;</p><p>The world cut out, before flooding back in.</p><p>&quot;-back! Regroup on-&quot;</p><p>&quot;-need to find our magical girl-&quot;</p><p>&quot;-hty-nine percent casualties-&quot;</p><p>A warning, buzzing against her consciousness.</p><p>Emma stood with a shout, summoning her halberd and whirling in place to crash against enemy shields. The squid struggled, whipping its tentacles at her to-</p><p>-strike air as Emma stepped forward and forced her weapon downwards. The squid flailed, off balance. Three two and push and the squid&apos;s legs buckled and it crashed to the ground. Shields flickered. The alien scrambled for cover.</p><p>&quot;Why don&apos;t you,&quot; snarled Emma as she stepped forward, a nimbus of blue surrounding her</p><p>&quot;just-&quot;</p><p>She span in place, gathering momentum as magic flared.</p><p>&quot;-fucking-&quot;</p><p>Her halberd sang.</p><p>&quot;-DIE!&quot;</p><p>The squid was annihilated, blown directly into a concrete barrier and shredded with wind.</p><p>Emma paused, panting as the winds surrounding her calmed. Her HUD beeped at her, warning that she needed to take cover. Emma ran.</p><p>Everything hurt.</p><p>Nadya&apos;s voice rang out over telepathy. &quot;Everybody, listen up! The line is breached! We must hold this position! There is no place to fall back to! We are the last defense for this sector!&quot;</p><p>Emma grit her teeth as she jumped over and took cover behind a concrete slab. Her implants were barely responding, working their way through the protocols. A rush of endorphins made her world spin briefly.</p><p>&quot;The enemy is advancing on all sides! We must destroy them!&quot;</p><p>Emma took a shaky breath. She needed to remember her training. First, systems check. Emma looked over herself. Her costume was hanging off of her in ragged strands, mostly burned away. The metal parts had managed to survive, and subsequently fused with her skin, making it impossible to pull them off and examine anything.</p><p>What flesh remained was scorched and blackened. Strips of dead skin sloughed off of her, leaving burnt muscle exposed to the air. The acrid, burnt-meat smell that accompanied every instance of a failed experiment in home cooking curled through the air while blue magic flickered across her, doing its best to repair the damage.</p><p>All it did was make her feel like she was being burned alive.</p><p>&quot;Get ready!&quot;</p><p>Gritting her teeth, Emma flickered in and out of her costume. The fresh material covered up the burns and removed the armor plating from her skin.</p><p>&quot;Contact, all sides!&quot; a sergeant called out over the battlenet. &quot;Lots of contact! I need help!&quot;</p><p>Emma tightened her grip on her halberd. The sergeant was in a fragment of the line that had been manned by the local militia. They didn&apos;t have a magical girl of their own. But another enemy wave was breaking against the thinned ranks of the regular army&apos;s positions. They couldn&apos;t keep fighting unless they got help.</p><p>&quot;Emotional suppression is now active,&quot; said Emma&apos;s TacComp. &quot;Suppression level is 12%.&quot;</p><p>Varsha and Ayane were unresponsive. Their last known location was somewhere near the front, and Ayane had last been seen diving for the ground before the bomb had gone off. Vira was listed as temporarily incapacitated. Rebecca had already been pulled back to the bunker underneath the train station.</p><p>A beep. Renee and Tracy were back up. They were okay. Their status changed to &quot;engaged&quot;.</p><p>&quot;I need some help here!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Fall back, fall back!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Any sign of our magical girls?&quot;</p><p>The air around Emma rippled as she breathed in. She had work to do.</p><p>&quot;Negative, I think we lost them!&quot;</p><p>Emma breathed out. &quot;Don&apos;t worry, I&apos;m here.&quot;</p><p>She jumped, winds twisting around her, pushing her forward, onwards past drones and armored figures and blocks of concrete and now flipping her over to land on-</p><p>-a cephalopod, halberd point crashing down past shields into armor and past armor into soft nervous tissue. Spinning, now, and dodging a rush of drones and laser fire and dropping a brace of vortex spheres to launch her backwards to land in a cloud of dust amongst the militia.</p><p>&quot;Give me a base of fire along the right flank,&quot; ordered Emma. &quot;Push them back!&quot;</p><p>There was a small delay. A tiny amount of time, only a few seconds.</p><p>It was palpable to Emma, like a constricting syrup that weighed her down and choked her. Each second was enough for a few more drones to fall, for a sniper to get a little more settled into their position. It was a delay that could get people killed. Regular soldiers, these were not, even with the acceleration of Combat Mode.</p><p>But then the gunfire appeared at the right place and explosions crashed across the appropriate places and Emma could breath again and she was off, sprinting between tank obstacles and ripping into the enemy line. Streaks of fire tore across magically conjured fabric, drones shattered under magically conjured steel, and Emma lost herself. The battlefield shrank, from ranged, to close, to nearly on top of each other. Artillery fell silent. The lines re-stabilized.</p><p>The sun tracked across the sky.</p>
</div></body></html>