<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>16. Next Steps</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>16. Next Steps</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The shower water was set at thirty degrees Celsius, coming down from directly overhead. It was a good temperature, not just for relaxing after a stressful day, but also for washing off the growth medium Emma had been submerged in to regrow segments of her body. Radiation from the nuke had caused moderate damage to her internal organs, but a bottle of vodka from Motya had helped things along tremendously.</p><p>Of greater concern was her skin and muscles. It was a relatively standard regeneration, something that most magical girls did instinctively. The difficulty arose from the extent of the burns Emma had undergone. It was ultimately easier to throw her into a regrowth tank and wait a day.</p><p>Emma breathed in deeply. The steam inside the shower stall beaded across the walls, dripping down to combine with the spray that spilled off her body. The new skin was smooth. Tanned, just a little, with the freckling across her shoulders that she&apos;d inevitably picked up as part of implants not trying terribly hard to regulate the body&apos;s natural tendency to try and prevent UV damage.</p><p>A notification blinked in the bottom right of her vision. Emma looked at it lethargically.</p><p>&quot;You have been in the shower for thirty minutes,&quot; the notification stated. &quot;You have an appointment with the MHD in five minutes. Please exit the-&quot;</p><p>Emma closed the notification and closed her eyes. The rhythm of water drumming across her skull and the walls and the floor was a continuous scattering of white noise that drowned out her thoughts and her feelings. It helped keep her from being too far into emotional suppression. Her TacComp was still keeping her around the eight percent mark.</p><p>There was a combat uniform waiting for her outside on the bench. The standard fare for a magical girl: adaptive camouflage jacket and trousers, along with a black shirt and light gray underwear. They&apos;d had to cut all her clothes off to avoid aggravating her injuries more than was absolutely necessary, and then forgotten to have them get remade in the replicator. It was a bit annoying, and happened a lot, but nobody really complained, usually.</p><p>Well. Usually.</p><p>The bathroom was small and private, and there was no one to rush her out of the warm, quiet embrace of the shower. Emma swallowed, and watched her emotional suppression meter tick upwards slightly. No, no, she had to stop thinking about things. She needed to&#x2026; to just stay there. Let the water wash down and away.</p><p>&quot;Oi, new girl.&quot;</p><p>Emma felt her lips thin.</p><p>&quot;New girl! Oi!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Shut up Emily,&quot; Emma whispered to herself.</p><p>&quot;Well I know you&apos;re alive, so get your ass out of that fucking shower!&quot; Emily snapped. &quot;Y&apos;ve got-&quot;</p><p>&quot;SHUT UP!&quot;</p><p>The shower echoed.</p><p>A new voice intruded: &quot;Emma, you can&apos;t stay in there.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Abigail?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You need to get going, Emma,&quot; the Chaplain said. &quot;Come on, out of the shower. The war is still on.&quot;</p><p>Emma grit her teeth. Her back hit the shower wall with a quiet thump as she leaned backwards, then sank to the floor slowly.</p><p>&quot;Varsha, she&#x2026; I&#x2026;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I know, Emma,&quot; said Abigail soothingly. &quot;I know. But she held the line. And we need to make her sacrifice worth it.&quot;</p><p>Worth it. Like Varsha&apos;s life had been a security, traded on the interstellar stock market. A few shares of the company known as &quot;Governance Military&quot;. Bought and sold for a wish and a prayer. As if&#x2026; as if&#x2026;</p><p>&quot;It wasn&apos;t worth it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s never worth it,&quot; said Abigail. &quot;It&apos;s always more than we gain. But it&apos;s something more than nothing.&quot;</p><p>Emma was silent.</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s a story we tell, in the Cult,&quot; said Abigail. &quot;You&apos;ve been in combat since we last talked, so you probably haven&apos;t heard it yet.&quot;</p><p>A pause, while Abigail gathered her thoughts.</p><p>&quot;Once, on Homura&apos;s birthday, she was sitting alone at the top of Mitakihara&apos;s highest tower. As she looked out over the city, the darkness of the world grew, rising up and reaching for her feet. Soon, Homura was sitting at the edge of a pool of shadow, her feet paddling in the icy cold tide.</p><p>The Goddess sat down beside Homura, and placed Her hand on Homura&apos;s shoulder.</p><p>&quot;Look up, Homura,&quot; said the Goddess. &quot;Look around you.&quot;</p><p>Homura looked, and saw a beautiful garden surrounding her. Roses in full blossom waved in a gentle breeze, spiraling upwards beside apples and peaches and cherries and other fruits besides. Towers of white limestone shone in the moon&apos;s light, from which music and laughter could be heard even here, at their base.</p><p>&quot;Where is this?&quot; asked Homura.</p><p>&quot;It is the end of the road,&quot; said the Goddess. &quot;I wanted to show you it, for your birthday. It is where we will meet again, at the end of all things.&quot;</p><p>&quot;When will that be?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You will know,&quot; said the Goddess. And she smiled, and the vision ended, and Homura was sitting atop the tower once more.&quot;</p><p>Another pause.</p><p>&quot;The story is attributed to a girl at the Ribbon who had a vision of Homura having the vision,&quot; continued Abigail. &quot;Or more specifically, the Goddess brought the girl with Her while She went to show it to Homura. It&apos;s said to be the after-life for us, when everything is at an end.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Do you believe it?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;I do,&quot; said Abigail firmly. &quot;The attribution checks out. Kyouko-san confirmed it herself. A vision of the after-life is the only really logical explanation. Why would the Goddess go to such lengths for a huge metaphor?&quot;</p><p>Emma bit her lip.</p><p>&quot;Do you think Varsha&apos;s there, then?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;In the garden that Homura saw?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I think so,&quot; said Abigail.</p><p>Emma swallowed.</p><p>&quot;...Do you think I can still make my MHD appointment?&quot; she asked, and pushed herself to her feet.</p><hr/><p>&quot;Physiologically, you&apos;re healing well, so there&apos;s no worries there,&quot; said Jessica. The MHD psychiatrist looked tired. &quot;Medical has already given you clearance for light duties. The only question is whether you&apos;re psychologically prepared.&quot;</p><p>Emma fidgeted and sighed. &quot;I would like to do something other than wait.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I understand that,&quot; said Jessica. She rubbed the bridge of her nose. &quot;But it&apos;s a fine line to tread. Too much down time will stress you out, but too much work prevents you from dealing with your grief. It&apos;s unhealthy to ignore things like that.&quot;</p><p>Emma was silent.</p><p>&quot;...I&apos;ll let you go on demon patrol, but that&apos;s it,&quot; said Jessica with a sigh. &quot;You need to keep active, but demon patrol should be low key enough to not be too bad for you.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded.</p><p>&quot;Aside from that, you can&apos;t stay in your room all day,&quot; said Jessica. &quot;You recently joined the Cult of Hope?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded.</p><p>&quot;Then I would suggest talking to Abigail and seeing what activities you can participate in,&quot; said Jessica. &quot;Preferably something that involves physical activity, I think.&quot;</p><p>&quot;She mentioned something about a football club,&quot; said Emma quietly.</p><p>&quot;Perfect,&quot; said Jessica. &quot;It&apos;s something you enjoy too. I know I&apos;m kind of forcing you into this, but try to have fun, okay?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded.</p><p>Jessica sighed again, then got up and stepped around the table to hug Emma.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s going to be okay.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I know,&quot; said Emma. She stood up, shrugging off Jessica&apos;s hug. &quot; Is there anything else you want to go over?&quot;</p><p>Jessica sighed. &quot;No.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Then I&apos;m going to go getting some food,&quot; said Emma. Her voice lacked warmth. &quot;Thank you for the meeting.&quot;</p><hr/><p>There wasn&apos;t time for Emma to go all the way to the chuen and back, since the next demon patrol was in an hour or so. She could order delivery though. It&apos;d be up shortly.</p><p>Instead Emma sat quietly at what passed for a bar in the bunker underneath the Train Station. The surface was still being hotly contested, but here, a dozen kilometers below, things were much quieter. Hence the civilians sitting nearby, recuperating after a hasty evacuation from the surface to the bunker. The bar had sprung up as a matter of inevitability.</p><p>Emma tipped back her glass of whiskey. It came back down with a clack on the polymer surface. There were no ice cubes.</p><p>&quot;Another.&quot;</p><p>A glass, filled halfway, slid down the bar. It came to rest next to her hand. Smiling slightly, Emma turned and raised a toast to the robotic bartender, before taking a sip.</p><p>She wanted to get drunk. She&apos;d never had that urge before. It was an interesting temptation, this need to drink. Novel. It made bitterness taste sweet, and sweet things taste overtly unctuous and disgusting.</p><p>Bah. She could see why her father enjoyed whiskey so much. Or, at least, drank so much of it. It made a warm, happy feeling in your stomach, like you were being tickled by light flames. It almost made her giggle. It also muddled your head in the most <em>fantastic</em> way, making it more difficult to think. Well. Not difficult really. She could think fine. She was thinking now. It was more like&#x2026; it made it easy to forget.</p><p>Yeah. That was the ticket. Forgetting.</p><p>Emma tipped her drink back, savoring the sweetness and the fruity flavors and the way it burned a line down her throat before pooling in her stomach. It felt good. Not <em>good</em>, to be fair, but pretty pleasant, all things considered.</p><p>Maybe she should consider finding Ryouta later. Heh.</p><p>Ryouta and Ayane. The two people she really cared about. Not to say she didn&apos;t care about everyone else. But, like, they were <em>especially</em> important to her. Ayane was this solid rock. Sort of. Like a&#x2026; a relatively hard to move boulder. She&apos;d been burnt badly in the last fight, but she was recovering, and Emma had never had occasion to doubt her. Ayane was&#x2026; well Emma still wasn&apos;t sure she liked girls, but she was absolutely <em>sure</em> that Ayane would be the girl she&apos;d date. If she liked girls. But hey, that one statistic said that at least 50% of girls who professed to be straight ended up being at least a little bi after a few months as a magical girl. You&#x2026; you saw things, with your fellow mages, that others didn&apos;t see. Couldn&apos;t. So maybe Emma did like girls, sort of. She&apos;d never tried, so she didn&apos;t know.</p><p>Ryouta on the other hand was like a&#x2026; like a bird. Sort of like a bird. Not really like a bird at all. But also sort of a bird. He was sort of quiet, and unassuming, and talented, and so, so cute. Like, wow. She blamed not being drunk enough for her inability at the time to kiss Ryouta properly. The sort of person that Emma wanted to hug and cuddle, on some level, but who would also be capable of doing his own thing. And had she mentioned he was cute? Because he was. <em>So</em> cute. Unf.</p><p>Emma giggled to herself as she took another sip. Wow, this whiskey was <em>great</em> stuff. A few more glasses and she&apos;d be in great position to go do something she&apos;d regret. Or maybe not regret. She <em>was</em> still pretty sure she was straight, after all.</p><p>&quot;Emma?&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked, then looked down.</p><p>It was Mikoto. The young girl was dressed identically to Emma. The only difference was where her unit designation would have been, on her shoulder. Emma&apos;s jacket was emblazoned with a simple triangle and the gold-thread number &quot;two&quot; in the center. Each corner was marked by a star, but it was otherwise plain black. Mikoto&apos;s shoulders bore a hammer in a circle, with the number eleven stitched out in black thread in the center.</p><p>&quot;Oh, hi,&quot; said Emma, blinking rapidly as she snapped her tox-filters back on. A bit of magic kept the headache suppressed as she did a double take. &quot;You&apos;re- um, how are you doing?&quot;</p><p>&quot;M&apos;fine,&quot; said Mikoto, shifting back and forth. The uniform looked like a costume on her, something that a child would wear at some colonial festival celebrating the military. Mikoto was still carrying the teddy bear, Yokkun, around, and had it held loosely in front of her. It had been damaged at some point, and then patched across the top of its fluffy head.</p><p>&quot;Um, take a seat?&quot; said Emma, pushing her drink glasses to the side. &quot;Have you eaten yet? I can get you something, if you want.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto shook her head as she climbed onto the bar stool. She shuffled around, until she was facing the bar, with Yokkun sitting in her lap. &quot;The, um, the brigade took care of things already.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s good,&quot; said Emma. She bit her lip, and slid her glass from one hand to the other.</p><p>&quot;...are you&#x2026; okay?&quot; asked Mikoto. She peered up at Emma&apos;s face concernedly.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine,&quot; said Emma. Her glass clicked to a stop against her hand, glass rapping against the silver of her soul gem ring.</p><p>&quot;...I&apos;m not a little kid, you know,&quot; said Mikoto, folding her arms. She nodded at the whiskey glasses pointedly. &quot;Adults don&apos;t drink that much alcohol unless things are going really badly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;They&apos;re not that bad,&quot; said Emma, looking down at her whiskey. &quot;The squid are making a push, but, well, they don&apos;t need me up there. You&apos;ve seen the latest updates?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto nodded gravely. &quot;Spec-ops teams are scary.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh,&quot; said Emma, nodding. &quot;I guess they are.&quot;</p><p>They sat in silence for awhile.</p><p>&quot;I guess I should ask,&quot; Emma said eventually. &quot;Why are you alone?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mum and Dad are in surgery,&quot; said Mikoto. She swallowed, leaning against the bar and trying to look composed. &quot;They got hit by debris when the lasers hit the train station.&quot;</p><p><em>You&apos;re not pulling it off, kid. Sorry.</em> &quot;Ah. They&apos;ll pull through?&quot;</p><p>&quot;The doctors said they&apos;ll be fine,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;I-I&apos;m just waiting now. T-they&apos;re in the queue, behind a few soldiers. They said that civilians-&quot;</p><p>&quot;-are lower priority,&quot; said Emma, nodding. She took a sip of whiskey. Damn. &quot;They got you some work to do then, while you wait.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto nodded. &quot;I didn&apos;t think I&apos;d be useful for production, but I guess there&apos;s some things even a kid can do.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, it&apos;s mostly just mandatory session stuff, right?&quot; said Emma. &quot;Nothing crazy. Everybody knows it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I guess that&apos;s true,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;I wish I could do more though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What are you doing right now?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m just pushing buttons,&quot; said Mikoto, sighing. &quot;Troubleshooting, they call it. S&apos;not like a VI couldn&apos;t do it too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, it frees up some computing space,&quot; said Emma. &quot;The AIs need all they can get with the war, you know.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I know,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;But it&apos;s just&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma raised an eyebrow. &quot;Mm?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I can&apos;t help but think of Senbey.&quot;</p><p>Emma raised her other eyebrow.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re not seriously considering it?&quot; she asked, alarmed. &quot;You realize what-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, I do,&quot; said Mikoto, frowning up at Emma. &quot;I&apos;m not a little kid. You told me about it already, remember?&quot;</p><p>Emma swallowed, then nodded. &quot;Sorry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;S&apos;okay,&quot; said Mikoto quietly.</p><p>Emma downed her whiskey.</p><p>&quot;So?&quot; she asked, the whiskey glass clacking against the bar. Another one slid down a moment later. &quot;You&apos;ve been thinking about a wish?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;I was.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What was it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I guess I don&apos;t know exactly yet,&quot; said Mikoto, smiling sheepishly. &quot;Something to do with&#x2026; to do with helping more. So I&apos;m not just some kid pushing buttons, when I could be doing more to help.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re doing a lot to help already, for a kid,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s not the same,&quot; said Mikoto, frowning down at Yokkun and heaving a long sigh.</p><p>Emma grimaced. She downed the whiskey, even if it had no effect on her with tox-filters on. Mikoto wasn&apos;t wrong, there was very little argument to be made for assigning someone to push buttons and &quot;troubleshoot&quot;. Or at least, Emma couldn&apos;t see it. Anybody could do that, but if you had the chance to make a wish and do more&#x2026;.</p><p>It was very difficult for her to not empathize with Mikoto. After all, hadn&apos;t Emma made a wish for essentially the same reason? She had been tired of all the crap in her life. Of the homework that was boring and her parents&apos; expectations. Apart from Anna, Emma was just another person, lying around. Becoming a magical girl was the chance of a lifetime, and-</p><p>Emma swallowed heavily. Even with&#x2026; everything, her regrets weren&apos;t ones about her past. Her regrets were about her present, and what she&apos;d failed to do. Making her wish was still something she didn&apos;t regret doing. If this was really what Mikoto wanted to do, well-</p><p>&quot;Alright then,&quot; she sighed, hopping off her barstool. She grabbed Mikoto by the shoulders and spun her around, making the younger girl squeak in surprise. From where she was standing, Emma could almost look Mikoto directly in the eyes. &quot;Are you absolutely sure? Is&#x2026; is your soul telling you this is the right idea?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto paused, then nodded.</p><p>Emma closed her eyes and sighed, nodding to herself as well.</p><p>&quot;Very- very well,&quot; she said. &quot;Senbey, are you around?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course,&quot; said Senbey, drifting into place atop Emma&apos;s shoulder. &quot;Mikoto Albright, it is a pleasure meeting you again.&quot;</p><p>&quot;H-hello,&quot; said Mikoto, swallowing nervously. &quot;D-do you want me to-?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No,&quot; said Emma. She grabbed Mikoto by the hand and pulled her off the barstool. &quot;Come on, we should find somewhere private to do this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, yes, it&apos;s always mystified me,&quot; Senbey commented as it swayed on Emma&apos;s shoulder. &quot;I never understood why humans wanted their wishes to be private. I suppose it <em>is</em> the greatest desire you have at the time, so the emotional attachment must be strong, but&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma tuned Senbey out as she walked.</p><hr/><p>&quot;So you&apos;re in the military now, Mikoto?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I guess?&quot; said Mikoto, glancing up from Yokkun to Emma then down again. They had passed into a section of the bunker devoted to warehousing. Their footsteps echoed across the stacks of ammunition and supplies. &quot;I&apos;m not trained or anything.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Did they give you a room in the barracks?&quot; asked Emma. She turned right, down a row of ammunition crates. The only lights came from wells embedded in the floor, no point wasting energy, and made the crate walls seem like they stretched into infinite darkness.</p><p>Mikoto nodded. &quot;They connected two adjoining rooms. Mum and Dad are coming after their surgery, but for now it&apos;s just me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How long have you been doing troubleshooting? Just the one shift?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mmhm,&quot; said Mikoto. She fiddled with Yokkun&apos;s ears.</p><p>&quot;Why not do some more?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;See where it takes you?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Because&#x2026; because I remembered what you told me, about keeping people safe,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;And I thought&#x2026; I thought that, if only I had made a wish, maybe I could have kept my parents from getting hurt.&quot;</p><p>Emma stopped. She was standing between two light wells, the lights overlapping and bathing both herself and Mikoto in bright, blue tinted light.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s not your fault,&quot; said Emma. She looked up at the darkened ceiling. For a moment, a fraction of a fraction of a second before her implants adjusted, she saw lights trailing upwards in long streaks along long monolithic pillars. Fingers that reached up towards a night sky. Except, this one had no stars. It had no shining gems sprinkled amongst its void.</p><p>Then her implants adjusted, and the darkness was replaced with I-beams and concrete.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s not your fault,&quot; Emma repeated, looking down at Mikoto and swallowing. &quot;If anything, it&apos;s mine. If we&apos;d been better, we could have held the squids back. It&apos;s because they got a clear shot on the building that your parents got hurt.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; that&apos;s not true,&quot; said Mikoto. She held Yokkun closer to her and breathed deeply. &quot;I mean, it&apos;s unfair to blame you. You can&apos;t take care of everyone.&quot;</p><p>Emma grimaced, then smiled wobbily. &quot;That&apos;s true. I-</p><p><em>Varsha</em></p><p>-I can&apos;t.&quot;</p><p>Emma&apos;s TacComp locked down on her emotions, keeping her from crying. She swallowed and pressed back on the emotions, until her TacComp let go of emotional suppression.</p><p>&quot;I should note that time <em>is</em> of the essence,&quot; said Senbey. The Incubator had been oddly quiet after it had finished expounding on why it thought humans were odd. &quot;I appreciate the human need to socialize, but this is most certainly not the moment.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Y-yeah, that&apos;s- I suppose you&apos;re right,&quot; said Emma. She looked down at Mikoto one more time. &quot;Mikoto&#x2026; you&apos;re sure about this?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I am,&quot; said Mikoto, nodding firmly.</p><p>&quot;Okay,&quot; said Emma. She let go of Mikoto&apos;s hand, stepping back as Senbey hopped down.</p><p>Incubator paws made no noise as they hit the floor.</p><p>&quot;Do you remember everything that Emma told you last time we met?&quot; Senbey asked, looking up at Mikoto from its position on the floor.</p><p>&quot;I do,&quot; said Mikoto. She still looked nervous, one hand held Yokkun at her side. The other was held nervously to her chest.</p><p>&quot;Well, then I suppose there&apos;s very little else to discuss,&quot; said Senbey. Its ears waved. &quot;Mikoto Albright, what wish will make your soul gem shine?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I wish&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>There was a flicker of green. Emma squinted, the light was startling bright, even with implants. Had her contract looked like that?</p><p>&quot;I wish for the ability to protect those I love,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;That in the future, when things go badly, and it&apos;s up to me, that I won&apos;t let anyone down.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Contract successful,&quot; said Senbey. It&apos;s ears reached forward.</p><p>Emma closed her eyes and winced as the flicker turned into a sunbeam. A blinding point, burning through the darkness of the warehouse. Emma could <em>feel</em> the magic, like a blazing fireball that flashed into existence and scorched reality around it.</p><p>Then the light winked out, and Emma thought for a terrifying moment that something had gone wrong, but no, it was just Mikoto taking hold of her soul gem, face alight with wonder and teddy bear discarded.</p><p>&quot;Congratulations, Mikoto Albright,&quot; said Senbey. It closed its eyes and dipped its head, almost bowing. &quot;Your soul has successfully reduced entropy.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>