<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>17. Transitory States</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>17. Transitory States</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>Green light glimmered between Mikoto&apos;s fingers. Yokkun lay forgotten at her feet, the teddy bear discarded in favor of clutching her new soul gem with both hands.</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I did it,&quot; the young girl breathed. &quot;I became a magical girl.&quot;</p><p>Something inside Emma twinged as she watched Mikoto. The look of wonder and awe on Mikoto&apos;s face, the way she seemed giddy with excitement; these were things Emma abruptly remembered feeling. It had been something like this, when Emma had contracted, back on that rooftop in Mitakihara. It made Emma smile, for a moment, as she remembered what that had been like, before her smile faded again.</p><p>&quot;Congratulations,&quot; Emma said quietly, making Mikoto flinch slightly, but look up with a silly grin.</p><p>&quot;T-thanks!&quot; Mikoto said, clasping her soul gem to her chest.</p><p>&quot;I liked your wish,&quot; said Emma, leaning back against the crates with a sigh. &quot;Good wording, and it seemed meaningful. You&apos;re a thoughtful girl, Mikoto.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks?&quot; asked Mikoto, looking confused. &quot;Is&#x2026; is that important?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, it can be, I guess,&quot; said Emma, shrugging. She waved a hand back and forth. &quot;I mean, practically speaking, it&apos;s not that important. A squid&apos;s a squid, and it dies no matter what wish gave which girl her powers.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It has been the experience of the Incubators that a magical girl is defined more by what she did with her magic, rather than her wish alone,&quot; interjected Senbey. &quot;We, that is, the Incubator Collective, encourage all contractees to do their very best. Magic can do amazing things that even we can&apos;t anticipate! Who knows what you might accomplish?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;And also, well, I made a similar wish, and it makes me happy that my kouhai did something similar as me, I guess,&quot; said Emma. She gave Mikoto a small smile. &quot;That is, if you&apos;re okay with being my kouhai?&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-oh, yes!&quot; said Mikoto, hopping a little. &quot;It&apos;d be an honor, Emma-senpai!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, jeez, don&apos;t say stuff like that,&quot; said Emma, scratching her head as she looked away with a mild blush. &quot;Just my name&apos;s fine.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay!&quot;</p><p>&quot;But yeah, so you&apos;re a magical girl now,&quot; said Emma, sighing and looking back up at the ceiling. &quot;That comes with a lot of stuff you know?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You told me about them, yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, I gave you the summary, right?&quot; said Emma. &quot;If you&apos;re going to do this&#x2026; well, I don&apos;t want to say it&apos;s a lot worse than what I said, because it&apos;s not. Being a magical girl is a big responsibility and there&apos;s a lot you have to do. But&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked and rubbed at her eyes.</p><p>&quot;Ah, what&apos;m I saying,&quot; she sighed. &quot;Sorry, Mikoto, I&apos;m being depressing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s okay, Emma,&quot; said Mikoto, her grin fading a little. &quot;You&apos;re more experienced, so it&apos;s natural to try and give your kouhai advice, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Emma, smiling ruefully. &quot;Thanks for understanding. Why don&apos;t you transform? Let&apos;s see your costume. The process should be instinctual.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto nodded, and took a deep breath. She held her soul gem out in front of her, balanced on the palms of her hands. The crystalline structure flashed, before a bubble of green light wrapped around Mikoto, then faded.</p><p>For a magical girl, Mikoto&apos;s costume was unusually plain. It was based on some sort of rollerskater-chic theme, with a set of gossamer frills that puffed out at the shoulders but left her arms bare. Her shirt itself was made of two panels: an upper panel in pastel green with interwoven gold thread, and a lower panel in white, with a band of pink roses embroidered across the lower hem. A multi-tiered skirt, pastel green like the top of her shirt, fell in three layers to mid-thigh. Underneath that was a pair of white, loose-fitting pants that ended halfway down her calf. For footgear, Mikoto wore rollerskates, laced up over long, white socks with a pink band around the top.</p><p>The knee and elbow pads that came with the costume were of the typical sort. Each protective metal plate was painted glossy white, while the fabric holding it to Mikoto&apos;s limbs was a deep, matte black. She also wore gloves with small frills at the wrists, her soul gem pulsing green in its setting atop one hand. The final part of Mikoto&apos;s ensemble was a helmet, pastel green like most everything else, with a pair of small, brown, fuzzy teddy-bear ears affixed atop it.</p><p>&quot;Oh Goddess you look adorable,&quot; said Emma, stifling laughter as Mikoto looked down at herself.</p><p>&quot;I- really?&quot; Mikoto asked, making a displeased face. &quot;I&#x2026; I look like a cake.&quot;</p><p>&quot;The word is &apos;pastel&apos;, but yes, you are,&quot; said Emma, grinning.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s&#x2026; not really very magical,&quot; said Mikoto, examining her pads and gloves. &quot;I thought magical girls were supposed to get more&#x2026; more frills?&quot;</p><p>Emma shrugged and transformed. &quot;I mean, does this look like frills to you?&quot; she asked, holding out an arm. &quot;Magical girl costumes are all different. Some of us get the usual sort, others get costumes you could make after a visit to a department store.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; guess,&quot; said Mikoto, still looking disappointed. &quot;Oh well.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s your weapon?&quot; asked Emma as she untransformed. &quot;Instinctual, again.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right,&quot; said Mikoto, holding out her hand. A teddy bear appeared a moment later in a flash of green. &quot;Eh?!&quot;</p><p>Emma very carefully kept a straight face. The teddy bear was stereotypical in nearly all respects. The only oddity was a knight&apos;s helmet seated on its head.</p><p>&quot;W-what am I supposed to do with this?&quot; Mikoto asked, waving the bear around.</p><p>&quot;Ah, you seem to have fallen into the Summoner class of magical girl,&quot; piped in Senbey. &quot;Well, that classification is a human construct, and oversimplifies many, many things. For example-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Senbey,&quot; said Emma shortly.</p><p>&quot;-ahem, yes, digressions aside, most Summoners use a totem or artifact, rather than a weapon,&quot; said Senbey. &quot;In your case, I would presume that your teddy bear summons familiars to defend you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How do I- it&apos;s instinctual, right?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Just take a deep breath and do what feels right.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto closed her eyes. Emma very carefully stepped away, in case Mikoto&apos;s powers turned out to summon, say, elephants. That was unlikely though. If Emma&apos;d learned anything in her career, it was that magic tended to be very literal.</p><p>The teddy bear glowed green. With a shout, Mikoto tossed it forwards, her eyes opening as she did so. The bear disappeared in a plume of magic, before landing with a roar on all fours as a large, armor clad, brown bear.</p><p>&quot;Whoa!&quot; Mikoto shouted, stumbling backwards in surprise. &quot;I- wow!&quot;</p><p>Emma chuckled to herself as Mikoto ran forward and began to pet her familiar, cooing things at it while the bear nuzzled against her hand like a very large kitten.</p><p>&quot;Thank you for your assistance, Emma Sinclair,&quot; said Senbey, hopping up to Emma&apos;s shoulder. &quot;I know you were reluctant at first, but it seems to have turned out okay in the end.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I guess,&quot; Emma sighed, crossing her arms and looking down at her feet. &quot;I&#x2026; I hope it keeps working out.&quot;</p><p>&quot;There are many things that can happen,&quot; said Senbey. &quot;If I were capable of emotion, I would say that I am very excited about everything that has happened so far! It is excellent data.&quot;</p><p>Emma snorted. &quot;Yeah. Sure.&quot;</p><p>The moment stretched, then began to waver. There was much to do, even if Emma didn&apos;t want to do it.</p><p>&quot;Mikoto,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Listen, I&apos;m happy for you, but there&apos;s something you need to know.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto paused, looking up at Emma. &quot;Yes?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&#x2026; you&apos;re young, so we&apos;re not going to send you straight into combat,&quot; said Emma, sighing. &quot;The minimum age is thirteen. But we&apos;re fighting a war on a core world. If&#x2026; if things go badly, you&apos;re going to need to fight. Do you understand?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto swallowed. &quot;Y-you mean, against the squid?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded.</p><p>&quot;O-oh,&quot; Mikoto said, voice small. &quot;I&#x2026; okay.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m sorry,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I wish it wasn&apos;t like this, but&#x2026; but it&apos;s what it is.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s okay,&quot; said Mikoto, rubbing her bear&apos;s nose before dismissing it. &quot;I should have thought about it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s not your fault,&quot; said Emma. &quot;These are just realities we have to face, okay? What&apos;s important is that we keep moving forward.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto stood quietly for a moment, before nodding. She looked up at Emma. &quot;What do I do now?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Come with me. We&apos;re going to get you some weapons.&quot;</p><hr/><p>&quot;Ayy, ladies, it&apos;s the greenie!&quot;</p><p>Emma winced as the Black Parade piled out of the armory, conglomerating around her in a small cluster of noise. Mikoto shrank back, hiding behind Emma.</p><p>&quot;What a coincidence,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;How&apos;s it been Emma? Heard you newbies got some serious action.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Y-yeah,&quot; said Emma, forcing a small smile. &quot;We took a few casualties, but we held the line.&quot;</p><p>Black Parade collectively paused.</p><p>&quot;Aye, we know what you mean,&quot; said Agapita, patting Emma on the shoulder. She flashed Emma a quick smile before stepping back. Emma swallowed, and managed a smile back.</p><p>&quot;You just got of medical then?&quot; asked Agapita, changing the subject as gracefully as she could.</p><p>&quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Another mission already?&quot; asked Maria. &quot;It&apos;s a bit soon for you, isn&apos;t it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, uh, no, I&apos;m here to get Mikoto here some weapons,&quot; said Emma, gesturing as she stepped aside. &quot;This is Mikoto Albright. She just contracted. Mikoto, this the MagOps team &apos;Black Parade&apos;. They rescued me after some&#x2026; things happened, in the initial battle.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Um, h-hello,&quot; said Mikoto, bowing quickly. &quot;It&apos;s nice to meet you!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, hello,&quot; said Mia. She reached out and patted Mikoto on the head. &quot;Congratulations, and welcome to the MSY.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re planning on taking her on a few demon hunts, Emma?&quot; asked Maria. &quot;Or do you have other plans?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, no, I was going to do demon hunts first,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I was thinking she should do a few sims too, so the demon hunts will be necessary for the calibration data.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yeah, cool,&quot; said Maria. &quot;What&apos;re your powers, Mikoto?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Um, I summon bears,&quot; said Mikoto.</p><p>&quot;...Seriously?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes,&quot; said Mikoto. &quot;I uh, yeah. Bears.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh man, you have to show us sometime!&quot; said Agapita. &quot;That&apos;s awesome!&quot;</p><p>Mikoto blushed. &quot;T-thanks.&quot;</p><p>&quot;So what&apos;s your mission?&quot; asked Emma as they began to walk back towards the Armory. &quot;If you&apos;re pulling weapons, it has to be pretty long term?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, we&apos;re doing an infiltration and interdiction mission deep in enemy territory,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;There&apos;s an airstrip way out back that&apos;s being used to ferry large scale supplies. Command wants it taken out, along with a few dozen other locations.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You have backup for this?&quot; asked Emma, raising an eyebrow. &quot;I&apos;ve seen that airstrip on the maps, it&apos;s near the edge of the mountains.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nope,&quot; said Maria. &quot;We&apos;re all counting on Mia here.&quot;</p><p>She slapped Mia on the back. The girl grunted. &quot;Yup.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;re hoping that the mission&apos;ll be canceled, if we&apos;re honest,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Rumor on the Grapevine says that three whole fleets are due to hit the squid fleet and wipe them off the planet.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Um, then, why have the mission at all?&quot; asked Mikoto. &quot;Wouldn&apos;t it be better to wait and see?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Maybe, but not this time,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;Sometimes it&apos;s better to wait, but sometimes you have to plan like there&apos;s no backup coming. The wider battle is more precarious than anyone would like, so we&apos;re going in, even if it&apos;s alone and without backup.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That sounds so dangerous,&quot; said Mikoto, eyes wide. &quot;You&apos;ll really be okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s similar to an operation we did in the Soul Guard,&quot; said Nodoka. She switched to telepathy as the group dispersed, going off to pull their own weapons. &quot;Infiltrating territory controlled by rogue magical girls is nothing new, and running deep into enemy territory is similar in principal. Easier, even, since they&apos;re unlikely to have the same level of firepower. We have sims for this sort of thing, so that newbies like Agapita-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey!&quot;</p><p>&quot;-can learn the basic tactics necessary for success.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Newbies like Agapita huh,&quot; said Emma. She huffed a small laugh, making Mikoto glance up at her. &quot;What does that make me and Mikoto?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Girls who should focus on the present,&quot; said Mia. &quot;Do not worry too much about the future. Concentrate on the things you need to do right now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, yeah,&quot; said Emma, clearing her throat. She tapped a panel. &quot;Right, sorry, got distracted. Mikoto, this is your pistol&#x2026;&quot;</p><hr/><p>Black Parade&apos;s mission was canceled.</p><p>Mami Tomoe&apos;s Second Fleet of the Euphrates had indeed appeared, along with two auxiliary fleets full of Magi Caeli. Within twenty four hours, all major orbits about the planet Samsara had been reclaimed by the human fleet. Orbital bombardment, by way of kinetic kill vehicles dropped in to smash into things at Mach 7, wreaked havoc on Cephalopod positions for the next three days. By the end of the bombardment, the city of Helsinberg had been returned completely to human control, and mopping up operations were the only relevant tasks to do.</p><p>The city&apos;s buildings were still being combed for booby traps and stray munitions, but people were back out on the streets, recovering from the stresses of being in a warzone. Bars, the ones that had survived, were open, their patrons spilling onto the streets in a disorderly pile of humanity, laughing and talking amidst the rubble and burn marks and shattered storefront facades. More than a few were probably off in a sheltered corner of the city with someone, or multiple someones, having a more private sort of celebration.</p><p>Not, of course, that Emma was doing any of that at the moment.</p><p>&quot;Mentor, huh?&quot; asked Ayane.</p><p>Emma nodded. The sheets of Ayane&apos;s bed had the crisp, undisturbed appearance of having just been changed. Ayane had suffered more damage than Emma had, and only just been decanted from her regrowth tank. A nominally problem-free procedure, Ayane was still being held in Medical as a precautionary measure. Mikoto had gone off, now that the war was over, to get her implants adjusted.</p><p>Emma kept her eyes averted, watching Ayane shift her legs under the sheets.</p><p>&quot;Well, I guess it worked out,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;If Mami-san&apos;s fleet hadn&apos;t arrived&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, that would have been bad,&quot; said Emma, sighing. She glanced up at Ayane. &quot;I&#x2026; I don&apos;t want to think about having to get her trained up quickly, just in case things went badly.&quot;</p><p>Ayane nodded. &quot;This way, she can get some decent training in before going into combat for the first time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m thinking&#x2026; I&apos;m thinking about bringing her back to Earth,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Really?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it was the first thing I thought of, after Mikoto&apos;s contract,&quot; said Emma, sighing. &quot;I live in Mitakihara, after all, and there&apos;s Kyouko-san&apos;s church there too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Do you want to convert her?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, but it&apos;s a really big concentration of magical talent, you know?&quot; said Emma. &quot;The more talent you have around you, the better you can grow. I&apos;ve been thinking about moving there myself.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh. I see.&quot;</p><p>A short pause.</p><p>&quot;You should ask her about it, obviously,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;I mean, she&apos;ll probably want to visit Earth, but you know.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah. I should ask her parents too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;They&apos;ll probably be-&quot;</p><p>&quot;-less enthused, yes,&quot; sighed Emma. &quot;Ugh, why did I decide to do this?&quot;</p><p>Ayane chuckled. &quot;Well, it&apos;s what it is now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;When are you getting out?&quot; asked Emma, glancing up at Ayane.</p><p>&quot;Within the day.&quot;</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s going to be a thing on the roof, did you get the message?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, yes, I did. Are you going?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah. I figure it&apos;d be good to get Mikoto to socialize with some other magical girls.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What about your combat team?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, uh, well,&quot; said Emma, looking up to meet Ayane&apos;s eyes briefly before looking away again. &quot;They&apos;re&#x2026; not well.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Stress?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes. The MHD says I should keep my distance for a bit. So I invited them to the- to the memorial, and hopefully they&apos;ll feel good enough to come with.&quot;</p><p>Ayane sighed, then nodded. She pulled her knees up to her chest and leaned on them, looking at the wall sadly.</p><p>&quot;Do you ever wonder what would have happened if the squid had never attacked?&quot; Ayane asked. &quot;How we would have lived our lives?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;d have never have met you,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Well, maybe. Mitakihara&apos;s pretty close to Osaka. Might have done a senior trip out there.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh, maybe,&quot; said Ayane. She pushed a lock of hair behind her ear. &quot;Maybe not.&quot;</p><p>They were quiet for a moment.</p><p>&quot;You know, meeting you guys,&quot; said Emma. &quot;You and Renee and everyone. It&apos;s been important to me. I wish it were in better circumstances, but I don&apos;t regret becoming a magical girl.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You don&apos;t, huh,&quot; said Ayane quietly. She looked up at Emma. &quot;No regrets? None at all?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not about my wish, no,&quot; said Emma. Her hand reached out to grasp Ayane&apos;s. &quot;Not about my friends.&quot;</p><p>Ayane smiled slightly, then turned her hand to squeeze Emma&apos;s. &quot;Yeah. Thanks.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Don&apos;t mention it.&quot;</p><p>Ayane&apos;s CubeBot clicked as it shifted on her nightstand, extruding a single grief cube as it tucked away another one, already filled to capacity.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ve been thinking about things,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&#x2026; I was thinking about&#x2026; about us.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Us?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You remember, back when I got rescued?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;And how everyone was making jokes?&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-oh, yeah,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;About us being a couple.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I was thinking that&#x2026; that I wouldn&apos;t mind that,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Um, maybe. I&apos;ve- I have no experience at all in this, so&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;I- Emma you- t-this,&quot; stuttered Ayane. &quot;I can&apos;t- I mean I would, but, with Varsha-&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m just, um, expressing interest,&quot; said Emma quickly. &quot;I&#x2026; well, I&apos;ve- there&apos;s a boy I&apos;m also interested in, but we haven&apos;t moved forward on anything, so-.&quot;</p><p>&quot;So I have competition? Or is it- oh Emma.&quot; asked Ayane, giggling. &quot;I s-see how it is! You&apos;re <em>greedy</em>.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wha- no!&quot; protested Emma. &quot;No that&apos;s- dammit Ayane!&quot;</p><p>Ayane laughed, holding tightly to Emma&apos;s hand as her laughter became tears.</p><p>&quot;I- Goddes Emma you have such terrible timing,&quot; said Ayane, wiping at her eyes. &quot;V-Varsha&apos;s just <em>died</em> and you&apos;re here trying to get me in bed.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I don&apos;t-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hush, I get it, it&apos;s fine,&quot; said Ayane, smiling at Emma. &quot;S-sorry, I&apos;m just a mess right now.&quot; A deep sigh. &quot;You told this boy that you&apos;ll talk about it later, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Then the same with me, okay?&quot; said Ayane. She pressed Emma&apos;s knuckles to her lips once, then let go. &quot;We&apos;ll figure this out, somehow, after this is all finished.&quot;</p><p>Emma took a steadying breath, then nodded.</p><p>&quot;Alright.&quot;</p><hr/><p>&quot;Beer?&quot; asked Ryouta. He held a bottle out to Emma.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine, thanks,&quot; said Emma. She smiled up at him. &quot;Join me?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; Ryouta set the bottle aside as he sat down next to her on the edge of the roof. They, with a few other magical girls and soldiers, had gathered there for something of a post-war celebration. It was technically a bit premature, but the wounded and psychologically unstable weren&apos;t going to be pursuing the remaining ceph forces.</p><p>The arrival of Mami&apos;s Second Fleet had brought with it a massive influx of reinforcements. Most of the beleaguered defenders of Helsinberg, and across the entirety of Samsara, were on leave while the newcomers, mostly veterans, finished the job. It was, finally, a chance to rest, and many of them were taking full advantage of that.</p><p>&quot;Are you doing alright?&quot; asked Ryouta.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I, uh, heard about-&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine, Ryouta.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta licked his lips and sipped his beer. &quot;Alright.&quot;</p><p>The sun was setting over Helsinberg. The sun was behind them, casting long shadows across the city as the towers reached up, high into the sky. In the distance, orbital defense cannons fired out long streams of fire as they shot down decaying fragments of cephalopod warship. The shattered ruins of the city&apos;s outer reaches lay in a blackened and burnt state of rest, almost undulating as drones, seen from a distance as a great metallic wave, moved over them to effect repairs.</p><p>&quot;Have you been getting good photos?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it&apos;s been really productive,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;My editor says that I just got one of the biggest scoops anyone my age could ever hope to get. We&apos;re putting together an entire photodocumentary about this.&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled. &quot;Good for you. You&apos;re getting a big step up then.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah. It&apos;s&#x2026; I owe a lot to you, honestly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hm? Why&apos;s that?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, you remember how I asked to install an image capturing app on your implants?&quot; asked Ryouta. &quot;You have some spectacular footage. After the nuke, especially.&quot;</p><p>Emma&apos;s smiled faded a little, but she tried her best to look happy for Ryouta. &quot;Ah, well, I&apos;m glad I could be of help.&quot;</p><p>They went quiet, watching the steady rain of deceased spaceships. Streaks of fire ran across the sky. Some terminated in a flash of light, like they had burst apart and shattered under a terrific blow. Other, smaller pieces, burned until there was nothing left, fading away before they reached the surface.</p><p>Not one made it to the ground.</p><p>Behind them, the celebration continued relatively quietly, but with a few small dots of noise. Mikoto, chattered away with some of the younger girls. A few people raised toasts, to friends dead or otherwise. Their glasses clinked.</p><p>Emma turned as she heard the lift door open.</p><p>&quot;Ah, Ayane, over here,&quot; said Emma, waving. &quot;They finally let you out.&quot;</p><p>&quot;They did,&quot; said Ayane. She made her way over, sitting down on Emma&apos;s opposite side. &quot;Who&apos;s this?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, sorry, I forgot you two haven&apos;t met,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Ayane, this is Ryouta. He&apos;s been sort of attached to my unit as a member of the press. Ryouta, this is Ayane, my roommate from training.&quot;</p><p>Ayane glanced between Emma and Ryouta, brow furrowed as she nodded in greeting to Ryouta. She sent Emma a message on telepathy.</p><p>&quot;Have you mentioned anything to him? About you and me?&quot;</p><p>Emma flinched. &quot;No?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Now might be a good time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Really? Are you sure?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I think so.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Erm, so, Ryouta,&quot; Emma said out loud, turning. &quot;We were um, going to talk about some things about us, right?&quot;</p><p>Ryouta nodded cautiously. &quot;This seems like a bad time,&quot; he said.</p><p>&quot;Ah, well, yes, normally, but uh, Ayane has uh, expressed interest.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta raised an eyebrow. &quot;I see.&quot; He turned his gaze to Ayane. &quot;Really?&quot;</p><p>Ayane nodded.</p><p>&quot;I see. I&apos;m not surprised, I guess,&quot; he said. &quot;We&apos;ll have to see how it goes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re okay with this?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re not officially dating anyone yet,&quot; said Ryouta. He put his beer down and leaned back on his hands. &quot;Besides, there&apos;s a lot of stuff we all need to deal with. None of us should make any big decisions right now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Oh, uh, well, good. That&apos;s a relief.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mm,&quot; said Ayane, nodding. &quot;We&apos;ll just have to see, later, when we&apos;re not dealing with&#x2026; everything.&quot; She sighed, then turned to smile at Ryouta. &quot;Good luck, okay Ryouta? May the best man win.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta nodded, grinning over at her as best he could. &quot;Same to you.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>