<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>18. Intermediate Steps</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>18. Intermediate Steps</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>&quot;It&apos;s too bad that we can&apos;t do this in person,&quot; said Sarah Johansen. Her hair seemed a little less curly than when Emma had seen it last, and it had been tied back into a bun. &quot;I know I haven&apos;t been doing much mentoring, but deployment schedules throw a few axes into the works, so to speak.&quot;</p><p>The blonde haired girl took a sip of virtual white wine. Ancient, 21st Century Paris stretched out behind her, behind plate glass windows and under a soft, early evening sun. The simulation was of Le Jules Verne, the restaurant situated one hundred and twenty-five stories up the Eiffel Tower. Around them, the white table clothes and glittering cutlery sparkled as men and women, dressed in evening finery in preparation for the opera or somesuch, ate and drank. Sunlight glinted off of crystal and china, sapphires and diamonds.</p><p>The sunlight glinted off of Emma&apos;s soul gem too, the ring gleaming brightly from her middle finger. A beam of sunlight passed over the table at an angle, swathing the ring in gold before illuminating Emma&apos;s oeuf en gelee, the poached egg a dark shadow within the clear, amber aspic it was suspended within.</p><p>&quot;I understand,&quot; said Emma. She raised a spoon and cleaved her egg in two, the unctuous yolk oozing onto her plate. Her cutlery clinked as she her spoon swooped again, cutting off a section of egg and transferring it to her mouth. Wow, that was actually shockingly good. &quot;Things&#x2026; didn&apos;t work out.&quot;</p><p>Sarah nodded. &quot;It was quite frustrating, preparing as I was while I knew you were fighting on Samsara. I&apos;m sure I could have helped you somehow, but your status kept flickering between being in medical or actively on a mission.&quot;</p><p>They both ignored the part where Emma had been listed KIA.</p><p>&quot;And now we&apos;re on the same planet, but I&apos;m off on the opposite side,&quot; said Sarah, sighing as she too cleaved open her oeuf en gelee. She paused, before laughing slightly and looking up at Emma. &quot;Well, that&apos;s the Military for you, right?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. The silence stretched awkwardly as Sarah paused, expecting Emma to say something. When Emma&apos;s commentary didn&apos;t materialize, Sarah cleared her throat, setting her spoon down to break off a section of bread.</p><p>&quot;So, erm, I hear you&apos;ve been leading some new girls in combat?&quot; asked Sarah. She dabbed at her egg yolk with a piece of bread. &quot;How has that been for you? Stressful?&quot;</p><p>Emma shrugged. &quot;They&apos;re avoiding me after the last battle.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I see,&quot; sighed Sarah. She raised her wine glass, the crystal bulb passing through a beam of sunlight. The curved bottom of the wine glass refracted the light up and around, illuminating the pale yellow liquid with a shock of deep, sunset-yellow. Emma blinked as the reflection off the curvature passed over her eyes, then ate another spoonful of egg.</p><p>&quot;The first deployment is always hard,&quot; said Sarah as she set down her wine. &quot;Even more so than usual for you. Most girls aren&apos;t put into leadership positions like that so early in their careers. From my research, your team did exemplary work. Just getting everyone through unharmed is an accomplishment, but contributing significantly to the battle is shockingly good. You should be proud.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I got a citation in my file,&quot; said Emma. &quot;For leadership &apos;above expectations&apos;.&quot;</p><p>Sarah smiled encouragingly. &quot;That&apos;s good! It feels like nothing you do is significant sometimes, doesn&apos;t it? But the citations are at least acknowledgment that you did something.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I guess,&quot; said Emma. She took a long drink of wine.</p><p>A pause.</p><p>&quot;I heard&#x2026; about your friend,&quot; said Sarah. &quot;I&apos;m sorry.&quot;</p><p>Emma shrugged again.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s fine,&quot; she said, cleaving off another section of egg. &quot;I&apos;m dealing with it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It does get easier, with time,&quot; said Sarah.</p><p>&quot;The MHD said so too.&quot;</p><p>Emma looked down at her plate and the yolk oozing across its surface. She set her spoon down with a clink, then pulled a piece of bread off of the baguette on the table.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ve, um, also begun mentoring a new contractee,&quot; said Emma, wiping the yolk towards the center of her plate with her bread.</p><p>&quot;Really?&quot; said Sarah. &quot;That&apos;s unexpected. It&apos;s a bit early for you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it is. I uh, her parents were in surgery when she contracted. I haven&apos;t had a chance to talk to them yet.&quot;</p><p>Sarah hummed, taking a sip of wine.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s a difficult business, to be sure,&quot; said Sarah. &quot;You&apos;re too young, I think, to really be prepared to go into that conversation. But on the other hand, you&apos;ve seen more combat than most girls your age. You know what the risks are.&quot;</p><p>Emma swallowed. &quot;Yes, I do.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, it&apos;s up to you,&quot; said Sarah. &quot;The MSY has a lot of auxiliary services for this sort of thing. Many girls don&apos;t make a contract with a witness, much less another magical girl. You&apos;re a particularly unusual case, to be honest, and so the MSY has a lot of girls trained to do the Big Speech. You could ask one of them to do it for you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I want to do it myself.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I had a funny feeling you would,&quot; sighed Sarah. She shook her head. &quot;Very well. Then the key is to tell the truth. Nobody wants to be lied to in a situation like this, even if the truth hurts.&quot;</p><p>Emma cocked an eyebrow. &quot;Really?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes,&quot; said Sarah. &quot;At least, not in your case. You don&apos;t have the training to pull off deception.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;After that, your TacComp should be able to pull up the information you need on the spot. Just be prepared to field a lot of questions, and don&apos;t raise your voice. Speak calmly and professionally, even if they yell at you. Try and avoid using emotional suppression.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Is that it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh, well-&quot;</p><p>Sunlight refracted through the Emma&apos;s wine glass as she raised it up. The light danced across the skin on her neck and face before tipping over and spilling past her lips as she drank. It shrank by half before Emma set the glass down again, Sarah raising her eyebrows.</p><p>&quot;-I suppose that seems reasonable.&quot;</p><hr/><p>&quot;All of this is, again, available in the pamphlet I&apos;ve given you,&quot; said Emma, wrapping up her short speech to Mikoto&apos;s parents. &quot;That concludes all the material I have prepared. Do you have any questions?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto&apos;s mother spoke: &quot;Will she be safe?&quot;</p><p>Emma&apos;s TacComp kicked in emotional suppression briefly before she marshaled herself. Carefully, Emma made sure to keep her eyes fixed on Yumi Albright. Mikoto&apos;s mother was impressively stoic about the situation.</p><p>&quot;Yes ma&apos;am,&quot; said Emma, prompts sliding across her vision. &quot;The MSY will-&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, stop,&quot; said Michel Albright. Mikoto&apos;s father was more visibly distressed. He was holding Yumi&apos;s hand very tightly. &quot;We know you have a prompter that&apos;s feeding you lines. What is <em>your</em> answer to the question?&quot;</p><p>Emma looked down at her knees. She fiddled with the hem of her costume, pulling it down across her leggings. The fabric shifted back.</p><p>&quot;No, she won&apos;t be,&quot; Emma said. She looked back up at Mikoto&apos;s parents. &quot;Being a magical girl is&#x2026; it&apos;s volunteering to fight. Even if you don&apos;t realize it at the time. People get hurt in fights, that&apos;s just how it is.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Did Mikoto&#x2026;?&quot; began Michel, before he stopped and swallowed thickly.</p><p>&quot;I tried,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I wanted to make sure she knew. I- only time will tell if I did a good job.&quot;</p><p>They were all silent for a moment.</p><p>&quot;I suppose that&apos;s all we can expect,&quot; said Yumi. &quot;How old are you, Ms. Sinclair? Fourteen?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes ma&apos;am.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You seem older.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thank you, ma&apos;am.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You were our escort on the way to the train station. Thank you for keeping us safe.&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled deprecatingly. It came out as more of a grimace.</p><p>&quot;Thank you ma&apos;am, but I would hardly say we kept you safe.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Still, if you hadn&apos;t been there, we would be dead rather than where we are now,&quot; said Yumi. She gestured at the room they were in.</p><p>&quot;My wife is right, Ms. Sinclair,&quot; said Michel. He sighed deeply. &quot;Do not underestimate your contributions. Every bit goes a long way.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, thank you then,&quot; said Emma. &quot;For your compliments. I&apos;m not sure I deserve them, but it is appreciated nonetheless.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You are welcome.&quot;</p><p>A pause.</p><p>&quot;There is one more thing,&quot; Emma said. &quot;I was hoping to bring Mikoto to Earth with me. I live in Mitakihara City, which as you know is also the headquarters of the MSY. I think that being close to all the talent in Mitakihara would be good for Mikoto&apos;s development, as a magical girl.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto&apos;s parents looked at each other, before nodding.</p><p>Emma nodded.</p><p>&quot;Of course.&quot;</p><hr/><p>A week passed.</p><p>&quot;Alright, this&apos;ll be a pretty standard demon hunting patrol,&quot; said Alanis. She ran at the head of the column, Emily just behind her. &quot;We&apos;ve got plenty of girls, so nobody take any dumb risks. We&apos;ve got one newbie today, so try to watch out for her.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto bit her lip as she hopped onto a jump cable and slid along it on her rollerskates.</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t be nervous,&quot; said Emma. She kicked up and swung herself onto the next rooftop, not breaking stride. &quot;Just do your best.&quot;</p><p>&quot;R-right,&quot; said Mikoto.</p><p>Emma sighed quietly. Ayane zoomed by overhead, banking wide to zig-zag across the patrol&apos;s path. Tracy and Renee were on the patrol as well. Rebecca was not. Motya was working in Medical now, and Vira was working along the fringes with the ranged DPS team.</p><p>Vira and Motya had, from all reports, integrated well into their specialties as magical girls. Tracy was doing a little less well, but her abilities were more general-purpose. Late in the last battle, Tracy had pulled a cannon from somewhere and shot a squid with it, so there was certainly a lot of potential for the future.</p><p>&quot;Emma,&quot; said Renee, dropping into place beside Emma as they ran. &quot;It has been a while since we last talked.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, sorry, I&apos;ve been busy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I can see that,&quot; said Renee, glancing at Mikoto. &quot;You&apos;ve decided to mentor a new contractee then? Are you sure that is a wise decision?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>Renee laughed. &quot;At least you are realistic.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, all things considered, probably best if I don&apos;t give her my suicidal tendencies, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh, yes,&quot; said Renee. &quot;Though you seem to have ended up alright this time, despite everything that happened in the simulators.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it&apos;s not been so bad,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Only about 30% casualties. Compared to how things could have gone&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, we&apos;ve been fortunate,&quot; said Renee. She sighed. &quot;Still, it doesn&apos;t&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>They fell silent.</p><p>&quot;How is Rebecca?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;I should have been talking to her but, well, I&#x2026; yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;She is&#x2026; coping, slowly,&quot; said Renee. &quot;The MHD has her under observation, but they have not needed to do anything drastic yet. I think she will be able to come to the memorial.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Good. I&apos;ve been thinking about where to have it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, yes, myself as well.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Have you heard about Mangzhua Chuan?&quot;</p><p>Renee looked thoughtful.</p><p>&quot;Hm, interesting choice. From my research, it used to be a mining town, and has since turned into a manufacturing center, yes?&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s the one,&quot; said Emma, nodding. &quot;It&apos;s a bit of a uh&#x2026; well I guess &apos;hick town&apos; is the best way to put it-&quot; Renee laughed &quot;-I know, I know, but it&apos;s got these really great mountains on the outskirts, and I figured we could go to the top of one of those for the memorial.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I like it,&quot; said Renee. &quot;We should also-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Contact, miasma, 3 klicks northeast,&quot; called out Ayane.</p><p>&quot;Clairvoyants, deploy,&quot; ordered Alanis. &quot;Ayane, stay on overwatch and prepare to support clairvoyant operations. Everyone else, form up into your functional groups.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll talk later,&quot; said Emma, patting Renee on the shoulder once. &quot;Mikoto, you&apos;re with me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;R-right!&quot;</p><hr/><p>Mikoto proved highly effective at corralling demons.</p><p>&quot;Clear!&quot; Mikoto called out as she landed on a roof. She had two bears summoned, stoically withstanding barrage after barrage of demon lasers.</p><p>&quot;Roger that. All units, fire at will.&quot;</p><p>The demons vanished in a barrage of weapons fire from the ranged support teams.</p><p>&quot;Good work, newbie,&quot; a veteran said as she ran past. &quot;Y&apos;got good instincts.&quot;</p><p>&quot;T-thank you!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Check your gem kid,&quot; advised another. &quot;You good on cubes?&quot;</p><p>Mikoto blinked and looked down at her gem. &quot;Um, I&apos;m not sure? It&apos;s not that dark&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, okay, you best get some more then. Who&apos;s your-&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m on it,&quot; said Emma, landing beside Mikoto. &quot;No worries, guys. Here, Mikoto.&quot;</p><p>Mikoto nodded at Emma in thanks as she took the grief cubes. &quot;Whew.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You alright?&quot;</p><p>MIkoto smiled at Emma tiredly as the corruption wisped out of her gem. &quot;I&apos;m fine. It&apos;s a lot of work, demon patrol.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It is, yeah, but you get used to it,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Magical girls don&apos;t actually need to feel tired.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, you get trained in it. It&apos;s important for longer fights, when you can&apos;t really get cubes on demand.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s amazing!&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled and patted Mikoto&apos;s head. &quot;C&apos;mon, let&apos;s get going. People will be waiting.&quot;</p><hr/><p>Vira&apos;s rifle cracked. It was a comforting sound.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re doing well,&quot; said Emma, coming to a stop beside the younger magical girl.</p><p>Vira glanced at her and smiled very slightly. &quot;Yeah. Thanks.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You doing alright?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;MHD said you needed some time alone.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I&apos;m good,&quot; said Vira. &quot;Just, you know, that last fight was pretty brutal.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mm.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I guess not for you,&quot; said Vira, taking aim at another demon. She breathed out, paused, and fired. The bolt clicked as she worked another cartridge into her rifle.</p><p>&quot;Well, sim time helps, yeah,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&apos;ve died a few times already, so it&apos;s not so scary.&quot;</p><p>&quot;When the Reaper blasted the buildin&apos;, I didn&apos;t have time to think,&quot; said Vira. Her voice wavered slightly. &quot;I just jumped. I was lucky I didna get killed.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mmhm.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I- it was really close. I was scared.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, you&apos;ll be going to training after this right?&quot; said Emma. &quot;You&apos;ll be prepared next time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I guess,&quot; said Vira. She aimed, then frowned slightly when another magical girl got the demon before she could.</p><p>&quot;Listen, we&apos;re having a memorial for a few friends who died,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I was wondering if you wanted to come too? You didn&apos;t really know them, but well, the memorial&apos;s already sort of generalized. If you wanted to remember anyone who you knew, or just the city, it&apos;d be fine.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, thanks, but I-&quot; said Vira, before her breath hitched. She coughed, then cleared her throat. &quot;Sorry, bug. But yeah, I&apos;ve actually signed up for rebuildin&apos; duty. Gonna be workin&apos; to get the city repaired and stuff. Every bit helps, aye?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Emma, nodding carefully. &quot;Well, us Earth girls will be flying out pretty soon after that, just as soon as the military finishes its own ceremony. I&apos;ll see you at the starport?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yeah, o&apos; course,&quot; said Vira. &quot;I&apos;ll pass it along to Motya?&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;d be good, thanks,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&apos;m planning on asking her after this patrol, but it&apos;d be nice.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, no problem,&quot; said Vira. She readied her rifle again. &quot;We best get back to work though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, see you around Vira,&quot; said Emma. She jumped, and dived into a cluster of demons with a flurry of wind.</p><hr/><p>Emma jumped upwards, a cannon shell whistling past and crashing into the group of demons. She braced against the air, then blasted in with a cacophony of wind. The demons, still reeling from Tracy&apos;s cannon blast, disintegrated before her.</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; said Emma, jumping back to cleanse her gem. &quot;That was good timing, Tracy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No problem,&quot; said Tracy. She jumped back as well, the gap filled instantly by first one of Mikoto&apos;s bears, then a magical girl neither recognized.</p><p>&quot;You doing alright?&quot; asked Emma, grief draining out of her gem as she crouched behind a bit of wall.</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Tracy. She breathed deep, then sighed. &quot;Yeah, I am.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You sure?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;You sound-&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine,&quot; Tracy snapped. She immediately recoiled and sighed. &quot;Sorry. I didn&apos;t mean it like that. I just need more time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright,&quot; said Emma, looking away. &quot;I get you.&quot;</p><p>They were quiet a moment.</p><p>&quot;I saw her die,&quot; Tracy said eventually. &quot;That&apos;s why it&apos;s hard for me. Varsha got burned really bad, and there wasn&apos;t anything I could do. She-&quot;</p><p>&quot;Please, don&apos;t,&quot; said Emma quietly. &quot;I- I can&apos;t. Please.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sorry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s fine,&quot; said Emma. She reached over to pat Tracy on the shoulder. &quot;Don&apos;t worry about it. Just, make sure to talk to the MHD about it, okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Good. Let&apos;s-&quot;</p><p>They both jumped as a demon appeared behind them, phasing through the floor. The laser burned through the air, clipping Emma, before Tracy stabbed it through the face with her sword. Emma kicked a vortex sphere into the demon&apos;s gut a moment later, and it disintegrated into grief cubes.</p><p>It had taken a fraction of a second. The demon was dead before they hit the ground. Emma stumbled as she landed, her leg gashed by the laser beam. Nothing she couldn&apos;t deal with though, it just needed-</p><p>&quot;Um, Emma,&quot; said Tracy, pointing. &quot;Your uh, your arm.&quot;</p><p>Emma glanced down, and sighed. Of course.</p><hr/><p>&quot;Alright, that&apos;s all for today,&quot; said Alanis as the patrol approached the train station. &quot;You&apos;re all dismissed to whatever else you need to do.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Tch, just like you to get hurt on a patrol like this, new girl,&quot; said Emily as she poked at Emma&apos;s stump. &quot;Ya friggen live through a nuke, and then this shit happens.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, yes, I love you too Emily,&quot; said Emma, rolling her eyes. Tracy had been shooed away, eventually, along with assurances that it wasn&apos;t her fault. Emily had ended up being Emma&apos;s temporary caretaker as a result, and was pushing her towards Medical. &quot;Can I get a kiss to make it better?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah fuck you, new girl,&quot; said Emily, slapping Emma upside the head. &quot;How the hell have you been though? Heard you lost a friend.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I did, yeah,&quot; said Emma, swallowing. &quot;But you know. Coping.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I know,&quot; said Emily. &quot;Alanis is getting promoted again, did you hear? She&apos;s going off to be a battalion commander.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Really?&quot; said Emma. &quot;Damn. What about you?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, well, Alanis pulled some strings, so I&apos;m going with her,&quot; said Emily, blushing slightly. &quot;Got the promotion and everything last night.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Damn,&quot; said Emma. She raised her good arm in salute. &quot;Congratulations, Major.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh shut it,&quot; said Emily, tipping Emma over on the invalid sledge. Emma yelped, before Emily righted her. &quot;No more of that shit, got it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah yeah,&quot; said Emma, grinning. &quot;But seriously, that&apos;s a big jump.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, there&apos;s a lot of reorganization that needs to happen,&quot; sighed Emily. &quot;Fatima&apos;s been reassigned to a different army group entirely. I think she&apos;s light infantry now? They&apos;re probably still trying to figure out what to do with you, and the weird combined arms battalion we&apos;re part of right now.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded, taking a deep breath. &quot;I- yeah. We&apos;ll have to see right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>They were quiet for a moment.</p><p>&quot;Say, uh, about the Memorial,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&#x2026; I was thinking that it might be best to have separate ones.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, no, I was going to mention if you didn&apos;t,&quot; said Emily. She sighed. &quot;You don&apos;t&#x2026; well I&apos;ve talked it over with Alanis and Fatima. Don&apos;t feel obligated to come for Mei Ling and Qing Duo. You need to take care of your own first, and, well, yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I want to come though,&quot; said Emma. &quot;If you don&apos;t mind, I&apos;ll at least make an attempt.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course,&quot; said Emily. She patted Emma on the shoulder. &quot;If you can make it, we&apos;d love to have you. Mei Ling and Qing Duo would be touched.&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled. &quot;Yeah, alright. I&apos;ll try and be there.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Cool,&quot; said Emily. She slapped Emma on the back, then turned to go. &quot;Right, well, I&apos;ve got some stuff to take care of. See you around.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bye Emily.&quot;</p><hr/><p>&quot;Ah, sorry Emma, but I&apos;m on rebuild detail too,&quot; said Motya in the small examination room she and Emma were in. Out of costume, she looked frazzled and worn, and had taken to wearing a medic&apos;s jacket over her civilian clothing. &quot;I won&apos;t be able to make it out to the memorial. Scheduling issues.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No worries,&quot; said Emma. She set down the bottle of vodka Motya had made for her with a quiet sigh, the magic already sparkling around her stump. &quot;Are you doing alright? We haven&apos;t talked in awhile.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m fine,&quot; said Motya, waving Emma off. &quot;I didn&apos;t mean to ignore you all this time, but well, we&apos;ve had a lot of patients in Medical.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah. Civilians?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes. It&apos;s been&#x2026; It&apos;s been busy.&quot;</p><p>The younger girl looked away. Emma patted Motya on the shoulder. &quot;Hey, it&apos;s okay. Don&apos;t worry okay? Helsinberg will be alright.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Y-yeah,&quot; said Motya, sniffing. &quot;Sorry. I&apos;ve just been having a hard time. A-and the vineyard got wiped out, so my family has to rebuild all of that from s-scratch.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But you still have your data, right?&quot; said Emma. &quot;You have a starting point.&quot;</p><p>Motya nodded, and steeled herself. &quot;Yes, we do. But I&apos;ll be going off to training, of course, and unable to help. Still, my parents know what they&apos;re doing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah. It&apos;ll be fine. Governance is doing a lot of economic stimulus stuff too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mmhm. How about you though? You shouldn&apos;t be getting hurt in demon hunts like this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh this?&quot; asked Emma, waving her freshly-regrown arm. &quot;Nah, this is normal. Lots of girls get accidents like this.&quot;</p><p>Motya gave Emma a look.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll be more careful in the future?&quot;</p><p>Motya sighed. &quot;Well, I suppose that&apos;s the best anyone from Medical can expect from anyone else,&quot; she said. &quot;When are you flying out?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Just after the military&apos;s memorial ceremony,&quot; said Emma. &quot;They schedule them pretty tight, it seems.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright, well,&quot; said Motya, taking a deep breath, and then sighing. &quot;Well, I&apos;ll make sure to come say goodbye.&quot; She smiled at Emma and made a shooing motion. &quot;Now get going, I have other people to see.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded, smiling back. &quot;See ya.&quot;</p><hr/><p>The stars were pretty.</p><p>Emma hummed a tune to herself as she weaved through the outskirts of Helsinberg, walking along the remains of the elevated railway. She had a bottle of whiskey in one hand, and was using the other to keep her balance. It was a good whiskey, though a bit more oakey and bitter than she found she liked. Although if she had some sweet vermouth, it could be good as a mixed drink. And some ice. And a twist of lemon.</p><p>Eh, well, good enough for now.</p><p>Emma took a swig from her bottle and looked back up at the stars. They were pretty. Quite a lot of them were moving across the sky, the light coming not from fusion but from reflected light or engine emissions. The really bright one was Mami-san&apos;s flagship, the <em>HSS Georgy Konstantinovich Zhukov</em>. It was moving relatively slowly, but it was also on a larger orbit than the others.</p><p>Mami-san&apos;s arrival had really been just in time. Based on the news from the fleet, Mami and Erwynmark had attacked just as a second wave of squid ships were beginning to move towards Samsara. There had been a certain degree of luck, possibly involving a wish somewhere, that had let them crash directly into the enemy logistics fleet. The battle fleet had then gotten pulled out of position, and Erwynmark had just enough room to create a counter attack that had crushed enemy resistance. All in all, a fine bit of maneuvering. Word on the Grapevine was that there was an offensive planned, to breach cephalopod territory.</p><p>Emma shivered. She hadn&apos;t volunteered, and nobody had asked. Sarah was also being left behind. Apparently they wanted to have a good deal of reserves, though Erwynmark was discussing that with high command.</p><p>&quot;Either way,&quot; Sarah had said. &quot;You probably won&apos;t be going. You&apos;re far too young to be more than cannon fodder, and we need another generation of magical girls to survive.&quot;</p><p>It was true that thirty-percent was a stunningly low number, in terms of casualties. Very early war figures had been in the high eighties, and only recently had the casualty percentage dropped, on average, to the low forties. In fact, if you did the math precisely, Emma&apos;s original unit assignment had lost two of six magical girls, and the last engagement at the train station had resulted in only one fatality out of eight magical girls. Eight very, very new magical girls, for that matter. You didn&apos;t need a degree in Statistics to know how those odds went.</p><p>Emma swigged her whiskey again. It was kind of amazing that they&apos;d managed to do anything at all. A reasonable expectation would have been&#x2026;</p><p>Hm.</p><p>Emma paused, staring up at the stars, then down at her feet. She unzipped her jacket, uncomfortably warm, and flapped the sides up and down. Her undershirt was a little damp from the sweat, and the breeze was pleasantly cool.</p><p>Another drink.</p><p>Frankly speaking, the reasonable expectation was for them all to have died. Emma was supposed to be dead, reasonably speaking, after that walk back from the IFV. Reasonably speaking, so was Tracy. She&apos;d been astoundingly lucky to get shot right in front of Emma. If it&apos;d been out of reach of a magical girl, Tracy wouldn&apos;t have been able to get her emotions under control fast enough to survive. Motya would have been in a better place, being a support girl, but Vira could easily have gotten killed early in the fighting. In fact, with Vira&apos;s personality, it was probably <em>expected</em> for Vira to have died. Somewhere, Senbey was probably giggling over the &quot;data&quot; on the matter.</p><p>Or, well, whatever the equivalent for Incubators was. Incubators didn&apos;t giggle.</p><p>Still, they weren&apos;t dead, so that was something. And Helsinberg was mostly intact, which was another thing.</p><p>&quot;But why me?&quot; Emma called out at the stars. &quot;I&apos;m the one who keeps dying in simulations! I&apos;m the one who&apos;s supposed to be gone by now. It doesn&apos;t make any sense!&quot;</p><p>She took another swig from her bottle, and then a second. Fucking Goddess. What the hell was the big idea? It wasn&apos;t as if she was particularly special. She didn&apos;t deserve better treatment than anyone else. It wasn&apos;t-</p><p>Emma tripped, tipping off of the tracks and falling towards a pile of rubble. Training and instincts kicked in, and Emma landed on her feet, in costume, on top of the rubble.</p><p>Damn. There went her buzz.</p><p>The whiskey bottle shattered against a distant wall, Emma&apos;s snarl of anger echoing in the deserted buildings. She&apos;d been having a relatively pleasant evening up till now.</p><p>Muttering to herself, Emma wandered into the ruins.</p>
</div></body></html>