<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>19. Lights on a Mountaintop</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>19. Lights on a Mountaintop</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>Increasingly, Emma found that her parents were not the sort of people she thought they were. On the one hand, yes, they&apos;d been incredible jackasses and forced her out of a career in football. On the other hand, they had <em>really</em> good taste in music.</p><p>&quot;Oh, but, you&apos;re loooove-ly,&quot; Emma sang quietly to herself as she stared out the window of her compartment. It was raining again, though nowhere near the downpours that had been a staple of combat. This rain was natural, a result of the planet&apos;s normal weather patterns. Slightly acidic, due to the volcanic activity in the area, and hitting the window with quiet rattling that faded into background noise against the ancient, ancient music Emma was playing in the room. A small glass of water sat on the side table beside her elbow, while a basket of grapes reclined nearby. &quot;With your smile so warm, and your cheeks so soft, there is nothing for me but to-&quot;</p><p>There was a knock on the door.</p><p>&quot;Come in.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey,&quot; said Ayane quietly.</p><p>&quot;Hey,&quot; said Emma. She turned slightly, and nodded at the seat across from her. &quot;What&apos;s up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not much,&quot; said Ayane. She sat down, and smoothed her skirt. &quot;Wanted to talk.&quot;</p><p>Emma gave Ayane a once over. She was wearing a black turtleneck, the fabric hugging her body just enough to make the curve of Ayane&apos;s hips and breasts stand out, while not becoming vulgar or flashy.</p><p>It was funny how, now that Emma had decided to think about dating Ayane, that she was starting to notice the things that made Ayane attractive. And here she was, thinking that she&apos;d always been straight. Heh. Whoops.</p><p>&quot;What did you want to talk about?&quot; asked Emma, looking back out the window. &quot;Have some grapes, by the way. They&apos;re good.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Aren&apos;t they just replicator grapes?&quot; asked Ayane, taking one out of politeness.</p><p>&quot;I fiddled with the settings,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Motya gave me some ideas.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I see.&quot;</p><p>Ayane bit into the grape, then blinked.</p><p>&quot;Huh. That is pretty good.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Told you,&quot; said Emma, smiling to herself. &quot;I think I might fiddle with settings more in the future. It&apos;s turned out pretty well this time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;You should show me some time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sounds good.&quot;</p><p>They were quiet again. The music kept playing, switching to a new track.</p><p>&quot;<em>Fly me to the moon, let me play amongst the stars&#x2026;</em>&quot;</p><p>&quot;I still can&apos;t believe you listen to this sort of stuff,&quot; said Ayane, leaning against the table and smiling slightly. &quot;It&apos;s so old.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s really good for when you&apos;re drunk,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Whiskey tastes better when listening to cheesy love songs.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Are you drinking?&quot; asked Ayane, alarmed.</p><p>&quot;Nah, this is water,&quot; said Emma, pushing the glass to Ayane. &quot;Sniff it.&quot;</p><p>Ayane sniffed.</p><p>&quot;Well, fair enough,&quot; said Ayane, pushing the glass back to Emma. &quot;But you shouldn&apos;t drink so much.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Eh.&quot;</p><p>&quot;<em>...other words, baby kiss me&#x2026;</em>&quot; sang the musician.</p><p>&quot;Have you ever kissed someone?&quot; asked Emma abruptly.</p><p>&quot;Huh?&quot; asked Ayane, flushing. &quot;W-what are you asking?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Have you ever kissed someone?&quot; Emma repeated. &quot;I&apos;m curious. I never dated anyone in my team, and dating other players was always a bad idea, and civilians never interested me. Then I was being too angsty to date anyone. Then I became a magical girl.&quot;</p><p>&quot;O-oh, well, I um, sort of?&quot; said Ayane, blush dying slightly. &quot;Ahem. It was one of those uh, puppy love things. You know, childhood crushes. But we kissed a few times, before we both lost interest. I&apos;m still good friends with her, actually.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah. Always been a lesbian?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes. Well. As sure as you can be when you&apos;re eleven, heh.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh.&quot;</p><p>Emma ran a finger along the top of her glass, staring thoughtfully at the rain.</p><p>&quot;I kissed Ryouta already,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Well. Ryouta kissed me. It was kind of a spur of the moment thing. And then we ignored it completely, because of work reasons.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh. How was it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It was really brief. He kind of ran off. But it was kind of nice too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s good. I wonder if Ryouta&apos;s ever dated anyone.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;d expect so,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I mean, rich kid in a rich family, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I hear that being a male in those families is kind of problematic,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;You get pressured to marry a magical girl and stuff.&quot;</p><p>Emma frowned. &quot;Really?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I mean, it&apos;s just what I&apos;ve heard on the grapevine.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hm. I&apos;ll have to talk to Ryouta about that.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mmhm.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But you&apos;re not interested in boys at all?&quot; asked Emma. She took a sip of water.</p><p>&quot;No,&quot; said Ayane, shaking her head. &quot;I can be friends, obviously, but nothing romantic or sexual.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh. That&apos;s too bad. It&apos;d be easier if you could date Ryouta too.&quot;</p><p>Ayane laughed quietly. &quot;Heh, well, yes, but unfortunately&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, yes.&quot;</p><p>Another song started.</p><p>&quot;<em>A summer wind</em>,&quot; sang the musician, &quot;<em>came blowing in, from across the sea&#x2026;</em>&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s kind of crazy, all of this,&quot; said Emma. &quot;If you take a moment to think about it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It is.&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed.</p><p>&quot;Have you talked to Rebecca at all?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes. She&apos;s doing about as well as you&apos;d expect.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I feel like I should be talking to her more.&quot;</p><p>&quot;She says she wants to be left alone,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;We, well, we can&apos;t do that, obviously, but you don&apos;t need to talk to her.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Still.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We could go see her if you wanted?&quot;</p><p>Emma looked down at the table. &quot;...To tell you the truth, I don&apos;t want to.&quot;</p><p>Ayane reached out and grasped Emma&apos;s hand. &quot;It&apos;s understandable. You don&apos;t need to push yourself. Rebecca doesn&apos;t resent you for it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, but I should go see her anyway. Maybe for lunch?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure, I&apos;ll send her a message. We can go together.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Thanks, Ayane.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re welcome.&quot;</p><hr/><p>&quot;Hey Rebecca.&quot;</p><p>Rebecca looked up from the pile of paper stars she was folding. She was dressed in a conservative black dress accented with white lace. Her hair had been pulled back, with an amethyst hairpin pushed through to accent.</p><p>She looked like she had aged, somehow. Her brow was very slightly furrowed, and wrinkles pinched at the corners of her eyes. It wasn&apos;t as if she&apos;d actually aged, because of course that was impossible. They&apos;d never been taught that in training. Something about Rebecca&apos;s voice, the way she looked at them when she greeted them, and the way she sat at the table spoke of a great weight that Emma had only seen in those much, much older.</p><p>&quot;Hey Emma, Ayane,&quot; she said quietly. &quot;What&apos;s up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not much,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;How are you doing?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright,&quot; said Rebecca. She returned to folding paper stars. They were small, only as wide as a fingernail and each a different color. At the end of the table was a paper lantern, colored purple and about the size of a football, with the bottom sealed shut and filled a third of the way with paper stars.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s this for?&quot; asked Emma as she and Ayane came to sit across from Rebecca. The table added another section to its end.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s a tradition in my colony,&quot; said Rebecca. She tucked the tail of her star into its back, then held it up to inspect it. The small, five pointed structure was tightly wound, its shape slightly lopsided due to being made by the hands of someone not quite practiced, but getting much better. It was a light, pale pink, and very slightly glowed. Special paper then, no doubt pulled from a synthesizer somewhere specifically for the occasion.</p><p>Satisfied, Rebecca dropped it into the lantern, then pulled another strip of paper towards herself and began folding another star. &quot;Back when my planet was first settled, we were a scientific colony studying extraterrestrial weather and applications of weather-based energy harvesting.&quot;</p><p>She paused, looking out the window. A wind picked up briefly, raindrops hitting the window like a scatter of pebbles. Emma glanced over instinctively, as all humans did when something loud occurred nearby, then turned back to Rebecca, who finished folding her star, and put it into the lantern. The paper strips rustled as she pulled another one towards her and began to fold.</p><p>&quot;The planet was extremely stormy,&quot; continued Rebecca, turning the paper over and crimping the paper, &quot;and just on the cusp of what was considered survivable at the time. The economy started around the science stations, which were focused around the sea, and there were a lot of problems with people being lost at sea when the weather came in fast and hard. The founders started emulating an ancient Earth tradition of hanging lanterns outside your door, the idea being that your loved ones&apos; soul would see the light and come home to you.&quot;</p><p>Rebecca paused, blinking quickly, and wiping her eyes. Emma and Ayane pretended not to notice.</p><p>&quot;Of course, there wasn&apos;t any point putting actual lights in them, so everyone did it a little differently. It was all a bunch of hooey nonsense, of course, and they all knew it, but it helps people feel better. In the end, the Governance decided that the casualties figures were getting too high and offered to move everyone, but by then the founders had gotten attached and didn&apos;t want to leave. Governance let them stay, after making the weather less extreme, and here we are now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;This is for&#x2026; for Varsha.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes. I-&quot; Rebecca sniffed and wiped her eyes again &quot;-was going to combine it with this old Chinese tradition, of burning money for the afterlife? The idea was that by burning it, the soul would receive it in the afterlife, and be able to spend it as they needed. So I t-thought, you know, since the lantern was supposed to help Varsha come back to me, by burning it, I&apos;d symbolize l&#x2026; l-letting&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>She smiled self-deprecatingly up at Emma and Ayane.</p><p>&quot;Well, I&apos;m not doing that good a job, am I?&quot;</p><p>&quot;They&apos;re very good stars,&quot; said Ayane. She smiled comfortingly. &quot;Though, well, we were wondering if you&apos;ve eaten yet?&quot;</p><p>Rebecca shook her head, wiping her eyes. &quot;I&apos;ve been concentrating on finishing this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, we won&apos;t arrive for a while. Why not take a short break?&quot;</p><p>A worried frown. &quot;But then I might not finish in time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll help you,&quot; said Emma quickly. &quot;Just, you know, taking a break is good for you. Just some lunch.&quot;</p><p>Rebecca looked uneasy, but nodded. She pushed the lantern and the paper strips towards the window. Rain water dripped down the window, passing behind the lantern and disappearing. Inside of the lantern, each little star glowed faintly, their light not quite bright enough to overcome the light of the compartment&apos;s overhead lamp.</p><p>They ordered their food in silence, Rebecca alternating between staring at her hands and staring at the pile of paper strips. Ayane gave Emma a worried look.</p><p>&quot;Here, why don&apos;t you teach us while we wait for the food?&quot; said Ayane. &quot;We don&apos;t have to stop just yet.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay,&quot; said Rebecca, jumping at the chance. &quot;So, see, you start by doing this&#x2026;&quot;</p><hr/><p>Mangzua Chuan looked radically different from Helsinberg. The city was historically a center of production and manufacturing for the region, and this showed in its architecture. Outside the window, pipe after pipe whipped past in a seemingly endless matrix that stretched off into the distance, the bright lights that followed the pipes lighting up the night sky and the clouds hanging within it. Each cone of light gave glimpses of drones flitting back and forth between stations where humans in protective clothing monitored and tailored the feed of reagents and buffers and other things into the clustered reactors, visible every few kilometers as tall towers or squat silos or both together, mixing and creating the chemicals that drove humanity onward.</p><p>The rain had stopped, water droplets vibrating back and forth on the window of Emma&apos;s compartment. She ran her fingers through Ayane&apos;s hair as the latter slept, cuddled into Emma&apos;s side. The lights had been turned off, leaving the compartment lit only by the bright yellow-orange industrial glow of the lights outside, reflecting off the dense, low hanging layer of clouds or shining through directly in a harsh, glaring beam that made Emma&apos;s implants shift first one way, then the other, adjusting to the ever changing light.</p><p>Emma and Ayane had left Rebecca to her folding. They had helped fill the lantern nearly to the top before leaving. Rebecca had thanked them, but asked to finish the last ones alone. It seemed important to her, so Emma and Ayane hadn&apos;t questioned it, and returned to Emma&apos;s compartment to watch a vid. Ayane had chosen a vid that was a little happy, a little sad. Something to distract them from what happened in the last few days.</p><p>The last time the two of them had watched a vid together, Emma had fallen asleep. This time, it was Ayane who ended up sleeping against the other girl midway through the vid. With half of the audience not present, Emma had paused the vid and turned it off, instead contenting herself with watching the scenery go by. The quiet made her contemplative, and, just a little, want a drink.</p><p>It was strange though, having Ayane here. Being with her quieted the urge to have a drink, made forgetting about the bad memories easier. Maybe it was because Ayane was easy to focus on, her chest rising and falling slowly as she slept, and her breath moving quietly through her nose and mouth. It was the only sound in the room, apart from Emma&apos;s own breathing.</p><p>There was a knock on the door.</p><p>&quot;Who is it?&quot; Emma asked over text, not looking away from the window.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s Agapita.&quot;</p><p>Emma raised an eyebrow, unlatching the door and letting Agapita in. &quot;What are you doing here?&quot; she asked telepathically.</p><p>&quot;Ah, I&apos;m heading to Mangzhua Chuan for some team things,&quot; said Agapita, closing the compartment door behind her. She cast a wary eye over Ayane, and stuck to telepathy as well. &quot;Celebrating the end of major combat operations and such. You&apos;re um, going to a memorial then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I am,&quot; said Emma. She sighed quietly, running ther hand through Ayane&apos;s hair. &quot;Though, there&apos;s another one that I won&apos;t be able to make. How&apos;d you know I was here?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, I was going to send you a text, but then your status said you were on the way to Mangzhua Chuan, so I figured I&apos;d check the train&apos;s passenger list, and so here I am.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, makes sense. What did you want to talk about?&quot;</p><p>Agapita shifted uncomfortably. &quot;I&apos;m not gonna lie, I don&apos;t really want to have this conversation. Let&apos;s put it off a bit. How is your family?&quot;</p><p>Emma held back a laugh. &quot;They&apos;re fine. They&apos;re happy I made it through and that the fighting&apos;s over. Anna, my sister, found an internship, and her mentor is apparently pretty cool.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, that&apos;s right. Your family is one of the partners in Hashimoto and Sinclair.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes. Anna&apos;s looking forward to helping out in the family business.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not you though?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m a magical girl,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&apos;m a soldier who protects humanity from death and invasion. HSIS is not for me.&quot;</p><p>Agapita huffed quietly at that. &quot;That&apos;s true I suppose.&quot;</p><p>&quot;And how about you? How are things on your end?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Doing alright. My kid is doing well in school and has an internship lined up.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh. I didn&apos;t know you were married.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, it&apos;s a thing,&quot; said Agapita, shrugging. &quot;Being MagOps makes it hard, but we&apos;ll see. I&apos;ve sort of become the absentee parent that spoils the kid rotten, at this point.&quot;</p><p>Emma grimaced. &quot;I&apos;m sorry to hear that.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t be,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Me and my wife are used to it by now. Cynthia, my daughter, is too, so it&apos;s&#x2026; it&apos;s at least stable.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Is your wife a magical girl?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, she&apos;s a civilian. Maggie works in healthcare, specifically in post-operative care. She does a lot of experimental stuff for new surgical operations. The latest treatments they have for the military are a doozy, lemme tell you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;She sounds like an interesting person,&quot; said Emma, smiling a little. &quot;You&apos;re very lucky.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I am,&quot; said Agapita, smiling back. &quot;Thank you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course.&quot;</p><p>They were quiet briefly.</p><p>&quot;Well, let&apos;s get this over with.&quot; said Agapita. She took a deep breath, and then looked Emma in the eye. &quot;It&apos;s pretty big news, so brace yourself.&quot;</p><p>Emma rolled her eyes. &quot;I just fought in a war with barely enough training to survive, Agapita. I think I can handle whatever you have for me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, but different situations you know?&quot; Agapita looked more uncomfortable. &quot;Are you sure you don&apos;t want me to wait?&quot;</p><p>A sigh. &quot;Just tell me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright, well. I&apos;ve sort of been putting this off as long as I could, but I got your DNA results back way, way long ago.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, that&apos;s right, the time you stabbed me,&quot; said Emma sardonically. &quot;&apos;Won&apos;t hurt a bit&apos;, I think you said.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It wasn&apos;t a stab it was- nevermind, the point is, the scanner finished pretty quickly, and I had it run the test a few more times just to be sure. As it turns out, you and I are related, by blood, through a few tiers of cousins.&quot;</p><p>Emma&apos;s hand paused in Ayane&apos;s hair. There was a long moment where Emma sat, frozen, looking at Agapita, before she shrugged.</p><p>&quot;Okay.&quot;</p><p>Agapita raised her eyebrows incredulously. &quot;&apos;Okay&apos;? That&apos;s it? That&apos;s all you have to say.&quot;</p><p>Emma shrugged again. &quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But- but we&apos;re <em>related!</em> You&apos;re part of a matriarchy! This is a big deal!&quot;</p><p>&quot;No it isn&apos;t,&quot; said Emma. She looked out the window, watching the lights whip by. &quot;Not really, when you think about it. There&apos;s a lot more important stuff than being in a matriarchy.&quot;</p><p>Agapita leaned back, folding her arms and crossing her legs and turning to look at the door. She sat there quietly for a moment, thinking.</p><p>Ayane shifted in her sleep, sighing, then murmuring Emma&apos;s name. Agapita&apos;s eyes flicked from the door to Ayane, then from Ayane to Emma.</p><p>&quot;She&apos;s dreaming about you,&quot; said Agapita.</p><p>&quot;Apparently, yes,&quot; said Emma. She ran her fingers through Ayane&apos;s hair again.</p><p>&quot;You know they say, when two magical girls are in love, they can feel their partner&apos;s soul gem, even when they&apos;re separated by huge distances,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;They say that when your partner is suffering, that you can sense that from whole worlds away. A side effect, apparently, is that when you&apos;re sleeping together, your souls find comfort in each other. Your sleep is more restful, recharges you more, even if technically we don&apos;t need it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Heh. Are you saying that me and Ayane are in love?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Maybe,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;If she&apos;s dreaming about you, maybe.&quot;</p><p>Emma shook her head, amused. &quot;Because old wives&apos; tales are legitimate sources of information, aren&apos;t they?&quot;</p><p>Agapita huffed, re-crossing her legs. &quot;Well, it&apos;s just what they say.&quot;</p><p>They were quiet again, Emma slowly running her hands through Ayane&apos;s hair and staring at the window while Agapita watched, thinking, and then saying:</p><p>&quot;Think about it, okay? Think about it and get back to me, because it may not be important to you but it&apos;s important for me and for the Matriarchy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What do you want me to say?&quot;</p><p>&quot;What I want is for you to acknowledge the genes and join the matriarchy,&quot; said Agapita. She stood up again, stepping slowly towards the door. &quot;What I want is to get a chance to test the rest of your family and see for sure, because HSIS is a good bargaining chip even if we&apos;re friendly with the Shizukis.&quot;</p><p>Emma raised an eyebrow, frowning. Agapita sighed again, and opened the door.</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s what I want, but obviously, I can&apos;t make you do anything. It&apos;s up to you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mm.&quot;</p><p>&quot;And so you&apos;re aware,&quot; continued Agapita. &quot;Since I&apos;ve told you, I&apos;m now also obligated to tell the Matriarchy my results. They will do what they think is right, which you may not like. It&apos;s nothing personal, just my duty.&quot;</p><p>&quot;If that&apos;s the case, why not try and sell me?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;Besides, that seems like the sort of thing people do in situations like this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Because you&apos;re fourteen years old,&quot; said Agapita. She paused in the doorway, and looked back over her shoulder. &quot;And there are more important things for fourteen year olds to be doing. Like banging their girlfriends.&quot;</p><p>Agapita was gone before Emma could react beyond flushing bright red. The door slid shut, leaving Emma with nothing much to do except stare out the window once more.</p><hr/><p>Varsha&apos;s memorial was started at one of Mangzhua Chuan&apos;s larger mountain hot springs. The group had arrived very early in the morning, well before sunrise, with backpacks containing food and firewood. They stood in a silent line, gazing up at the stepped platforms of steaming water, the lights on the road that had brought them here the only source from which their eyes could see the drip-drop water, flowing slowly over and down the rock formations to collect at the base and began a long journey to the valley below, joining innumerable other sources to form rivers, perhaps even feeding the one that flowed past Helsinberg. To one side, an inn, shuttered and silent at this time of day, collected a little bit of this flow, filling its tubs and advertising, as a matter of course, an &quot;authentic&quot; onsen experience.</p><p>&quot;Let&apos;s get going,&quot; said Rebecca quietly, hitching her backpack up on her shoulders and setting off. The lantern full of paper stars glowed in the darkness, bright enough in the center to look like the lantern was lit by a candle. The multitude of colors mixed together into white, before filtering through the purple paper of the lantern.</p><p>Renee followed Rebecca, and was then followed by Ayane, with Emma at the rear. The glowing purple light up ahead swung back and forth as they walked, swing around occasionally as Rebecca turned slightly to talk to Renee. The air smelled wet, the sort of scent that wasn&apos;t really a scent, but more a feeling as Emma breathed in the warm air. It was also sulfurous and minerally, metallic almost, to the point that she could just taste something if she smacked her lips. The ground was warm too, hot enough to feel through her shoes, but getting cooler every meter they climbed up the mountain.</p><p>The sky had lightened in the far distance by the time the four of them reached the peak. The firewood was unpacked and stacked into a small tower, the space between each piece left wide and open to let air through. Rebecca glued a weight to the paper lantern, while Emma, Ayane, and Renee collected kindling. Sandalwood scented oil was poured over the wood, and then Rebecca placed the lantern on top.</p><p>&quot;Does anyone want to say anything?&quot; asked Renee. She was met with silence.</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I would, but I&#x2026; I don&apos;t know what to say,&quot; Ayane managed. &quot;It&apos;s just the four of us, after all. There&apos;s no reason to have a fancy speech.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m not good at this sort of thing either,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&apos;m used to&#x2026; to pumping people up, you know? Not stuff like this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;To be honest, I think Varsha would have been annoyed if we did anything fancy,&quot; said Rebecca. &quot;She wasn&apos;t really into that stuff. Formal stuff, maybe, but too many frills were a &apos;waste of time&apos;, she said.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What other sorts of things did you guys talk about?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, this and that,&quot; said Rebecca, smiling a little as she looked down at the ground. &quot;You know, the usual getting-to-know-you chit-chat. She&#x2026; she didn&apos;t usually like it when people were hyper around her, reminded her too much of her siblings. She loved them but, well, siblings are siblings. But I was okay, apparently, because she knew how to shut me up.&quot;</p><p>The group giggled. Emma wiped her eyes.</p><p>&quot;She liked oranges,&quot; continued Rebecca, blinking quickly and sighing a little as she looked up at the lightening sky. &quot;And raisins. And cranberry juice. And getting up early to get some work done, because Goddess knows there was always more of it. She liked her coffee black, with just a bit of sugar, and her tea the same way. She had the most wonderful smile and the prettiest eyes. She was unforgettable, the most important girl in my life.&quot;</p><p>Rebecca swallowed, looking down again, then up to her friends.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m going to miss her.&quot;</p><p>They gathered into a group hug, holding each other tightly for a long, immeasurable moment.</p><p>&quot;The sun is rising,&quot; said Ayane eventually. &quot;We should-&quot; she sniffled &quot;-we should get this lit.&quot;</p><p>Renee nodded. The hug broke apart. Renee transformed, holding up her rapier in a salute. The rest followed suit in flashes of color.</p><p>&quot;In memory of our friend,&quot; said Renee. &quot;A magical girl, and a soldier fighting for humanity. We salute you, Varsha Banerjee.&quot;</p><p>Her sword flashed. A streak of fire painted itself across the cords of wood, lighting the oil in a snap of heat and light. The fire spread quickly, licking across and up and down, transforming the stack of wood into a bonfire within moments.</p><p>The lantern made of purple paper, still glowing from within, quickly caught, flames peeling away the outside and consuming the stars within. Very soon, there was nothing left, save for the ashes carried away on the rising heat of the fire, flying up, up, high into the clear blue sky, breaking apart into particles of stardust and scattering with no trace, no reason to suspect, that a lantern and stars had ever been made of those particles of stardust. That something had been crafted, with care and attention, out of those particles of stardust.</p><p>That, when all was said and done, those particles, had been important.</p>
</div></body></html>