<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>2. Much Ado About Everything</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>2. Much Ado About Everything</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The basement Emma was in was best described as &quot;claustrophobic&quot;. Yes, its ceiling was actually rather tall and its walls widely spaced, but it was also piled high with crates of product and various bits of unused shelving and office supplies.</p><p>Sitting there on the crate, Emma quickly grew bored. She had little to do except introspect or manually process the data she&apos;d collected from the dead. The first would probably end up weakening her soul gem, and the second would probably cause the first from sheer boredom.</p><p>Exploring the basement in some attempt at entertainment appeared to be her only option. Some food would be good for her as well. Honestly, ration packs were not great tasting, but at least they were better than, say, that random clump of moss you&apos;d pulled off a rock.</p><p>Each ration pack consisted of wrappers within a wrapper. Emma rummaged in her backpack and pulled out a pack labeled &quot;Beef bourguignon&quot;. The pack included silverware and an insulated metal tray you could balance on your knees. Each component was labeled and nanite-infused, so that it heated automatically when it came in contact with the tray. You could skim off the nanites after the heating cycle if you wanted, and Emma did since it tended to make the food slightly bitter. She didn&apos;t need to though. It was perfectly safe to eat either way.</p><p>Emma ate as she made her way through the densely packed basement. Oddly enough, she didn&apos;t feel that hungry. Then again, implants.</p><p>The basement was actually vaguely interesting, now that she looked at it more carefully. It was a bit surprising for her to see, for example, the vast array of tablets that were available. The devices were going outdated by now on Earth, but here, there were a half-dozen different brands available. The number of different clothing brands was somewhat alarming.</p><p>Although then again, she didn&apos;t exactly go out shopping much. Maybe this was normal? Emma chewed a piece of meat thoughtfully as she wandered onwards. Hm&#x2026; Moving to Mitakihara had really turned her into a stereotypical shut in. She didn&apos;t have many friends, kept to herself, defended her preferred hobbies vigorously&#x2026;</p><p>Jeez, she sounded like one of those gamers who hacked their implants to do VR dives. When had that happened? She remembered having friends outside of football back in London. Surely she hadn&apos;t always been like this.</p><p>Emma huffed. No, she was pretty sure it was a recent thing. If only she hadn&apos;t moved. It&apos;d have been nice if she&apos;d at least had some warning. But no, right at the end of the season, when she&apos;d just gotten into her stride as team captain. There had been arrangements to make, team positions to reshuffle, last minute retraining, ugh.</p><p>It&apos;d all been completely mad, and it&apos;d only been half of what needed to be done. The remainder, things that had gone way over Emma&apos;s head at the time, had been taken care of by Coach Williams. When all was said and done, Emma had managed to get things sorted in time, but really.</p><p>Emma scraped up a spoonful of sauce and stirred it into her mashed potatoes. Truth be told, it was probably time to let it go. Dwelling on this was killing her gem. She&apos;d&#x2026; well, she&apos;d managed to deal with it all. Mitakihara wasn&apos;t that bad, not really, and logistics and economics were things she didn&apos;t hate with complete unholy passion. Just&#x2026; just some passion, yeah.</p><p>A mental ping pulled her out of this line of thought. Moments later her tactical interface rebooted. Emma grinned. This was a good sign. Her TacComp must have finally self-repaired to a point where it could process basic functions. As she watched, toolbars and message boxes tiled in. They were all familiar, if mostly empty, and a welcome sight after running on only the rudimentary HUD for hours.</p><p>&quot;Conducting self diagnostic,&quot; said a familiar synthetic voice. &quot;Please wait. Estimating time remaining&#x2026; fifteen minutes.&quot;</p><p>Good. She would take some time to fiddle with it later. That reminded her, there was also the implant diagnostic she had been meaning to run. It would be a bit of a pain, but it was probably wise to do it sooner rather than later. Her TacComp might need hours to finish repairs, and she had no idea when the MagOps team would be back.</p><p>Emma paused in front of a crate full of teddy bears to finish her meal. She felt mostly full, but might grab another food pack in a bit. The teddy bears brought a nostalgic smile. She and Anna had each been given one way back when, and had dragged them around everywhere. Then she&apos;d gotten into football and used Anna&apos;s for over-enthusiastic childish penalty kick practice. That had gone predictably terribly. Anna had cried for days afterwards.</p><p>Impulsively, Emma picked up one of the teddy bears, somewhat gangly-limbed with a blue ribbon around its neck, and carried it back to the crate she had been sitting on before. She crumpled the tray into a ball and shoved it into the empty wrapper, then carefully placed the teddy bear into her backpack. She had a sudden desire to have a teddy bear, and nobody would miss the one.</p><p>That done, Emma cleared out enough space to sit down against the crate. The diagnostic would probably ruin any spacial awareness she had, and she didn&apos;t want to come out of the dive sprawled inelegantly across the crate. Especially if Nodoka or someone else from the MagOps team came to pick her up. She&apos;d embarrassed herself enough already.</p><p>Training had made sure to cover how to use the Universal Command Prompter. It was a slow and clunky way of going about implant I/O in an age of artificial telepathy, but it had its uses. Emma plugged the data cable into the back of her neck, then into the transmitter she&apos;d pulled from the IFV back by Cluster 14. She fitted a battery into the transmitter&apos;s power supply, then daisy chained a few more together. It was probably not that safe, but it would do.</p><p>Now, Emma just had to remember what she was supposed to do. She pulled up the UCP and stared at it blankly.</p><p>&quot;Uhhh&#x2026; oh right, _system update /force_,&quot; she thought at the blipping cursor.</p><p>Emma&apos;s world abruptly cut out, before she began falling endlessly and accelerating. Complete pressing nothingness overwhelmed her. Emma unsuccessfully fought against rising panic, belatedly recalling that this had, in fact, happened in training.</p><p>Then an impossibly loud bing as her auditory cortex came back online, followed swiftly by her olfactory system. She could smell beef stew most strongly, followed by&#x2026; well it was herself, clearly. At some level, everyone knew what they smelled like, of course, but she&apos;d never taken the time to sniff herself before. Who did that?</p><p>Then a flash of white text. Emma mentally recoiled as streams and streams of information spiraled across her vision. It was all moving too fast to read, and the sheer glut of data was dizzying. Emma picked out something about mind-to-mind communication and muscular enhancements.</p><p>The word &quot;ERROR&quot; kept appearing with alarming frequency. There wasn&apos;t nearly enough time to figure out what was error-ing out, but it was enough for Emma to feel nervous about combat. What if something failed half way through? What if her data I/O wasn&apos;t functional and she didn&apos;t get any updates? Alright, fine, most of what she did was uniquely magical, but it wasn&apos;t as if they gave you an exhaustive list of the implants you had. Cascading failure could happen, after all, and&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;the world clicked off as the logos of Chronos Biologics and Hephaestus Nanotechnology blinked across her vision. Another, quieter, bling, and then everything rushed back in.</p><p>Emma jerked back to her body with a gasp. Everything burned and sparked, as if she&apos;d been dropped into a vat of liquid nitrogen, left for a few seconds, and then doused with molten iron.</p><p>Well, that was probably hyperbole, but calling it a &quot;tingle&quot; was complete understatement.</p><p>With a groan, Emma sat up. Her tactical interface rebooted a moment later, almost cheerfully telling her that the reset had restored some other basic functions to her TacComp, including hardware management protocols. Would she like to access these now?</p><p>Yes, yes she would. A window blinked open, turning translucent to overlay her field of view. A list rapidly propagated, along with several columns of information.</p><p>&#x2026;Goddess, half her implants were nonfunctional. The readout was also totally unhelpful, merely stating that &quot;the requested implant technology cannot be found&quot;. Were they burned out? Was her diagnostic malfunctioning? Did the firmware on the implants get corrupted?</p><p>Completely useless.</p><p>But, at least, her I/O implants were definitely working, and she had a much more useful TacComp than she&apos;d thought. It was already capable of very, very basic computing. File management, running scripts, et cetera. It&apos;d probably be another day to get even close to full combat capacity, but anything was better than nothing.</p><p>More worryingly, her medical implant readiness kept flickering between 30 and 98 percent. A two-percent degradation was easily manageable, but if Emma actually only had access to 30% of her implants&apos; regeneration capabilities, any hit she took would burn through her gem like fire through tissue paper.</p><p>Still, things seemed alright at face value. Emma stood, flexed her limbs, and stretched, testing the feel of her body. If everything was, indeed, broken, she at least felt like she could do things as usual.</p><p>Well, trusting in her body to be ready was something Emma was used to. There was a special device that suppressed some implant functions, to keep football games even. A lot of the nervousness that went into games came from fear of not being ready for the struggle to come. Emma knew how to deal with that.</p><p>A small flicker at the edge of Emma&apos;s consciousness made her pause. The sensation was a bit like someone running a handkerchief over your face. You could feel it whenever Rebecca was using her powers and you were within range. Just enough warning to shield yourself during training, if you weren&apos;t part of the day&apos;s exercise.</p><p>But Rebecca was back with the rest of the military, and her range wasn&apos;t more than a kilometer. Maybe someone else? One of the MagOps? Tentatively, Emma reached out telepathically.</p><p>&quot;Hello?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, hello!&quot; said a voice, inflected with a slightly excessive amount of cheer. &quot;There you are! I thought your signal was around here.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Who are you?&quot; asked Emma. The voice sounded perfectly androgynous to her, but maybe she was just out of it.</p><p>&quot;My name is Senbey!&quot; said the voice. &quot;I am an Incubator!&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked. They told you in training, if there wasn&apos;t a more convenient disposal method, to just drop your grief cubes when you maxed them out. An Incubator would swing by at some point to pick them up, but it wasn&apos;t preferred. Grief cubes spawned demons, after all.</p><p>&quot;What are you doing here then?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;I thought you&apos;d have picked up all the grief cubes by now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;As it turns out, we hadn&apos;t!&quot; said Senbey. &quot;The pile you left behind in the bunker tipped us off that you were alive, and I&apos;ve been trying to get a fix on your position ever since!&quot;</p><p>Emma winced. Partly because she now realized she&apos;d forgotten to clean up her grief cubes, but more because Senbey&apos;s voice had spiked into the higher registers. It was the closest she&apos;d ever felt to &quot;eardrum piercing&quot; in her head, and it was bound to give her a headache.</p><p>&quot;Could you uh, tone it down a bit?&quot; she asked.</p><p>&quot;Hm? Oh, I am sorry, I must be sounding excited again,&quot; said Senbey. Its voice ticked marginally downwards in pitch and volume, to just barely a manageable level. &quot;I am young by Incubator standards. Interacting with you all is occasionally difficult.&quot;</p><p>A moment later, the Incubator faded into existence, six inches from the top of the crate. Emma blinked as Senbey fell the short distance with a flail of limbs and a flump.</p><p>&quot;Calculation error again,&quot; muttered Senbey telepathically, slightly crumpled. &quot;How do the others keep doing this so well?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Um&#x2026;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, hello!&quot; said Senbey, popping up into a sitting position. The fur still stood out at odd angles from the disorganized fall. &quot;Hello, hello, hi, how are you?&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked at Senbey again. &quot;&#x2026;you&apos;re not very good at this, are you?&quot;</p><p>Senbey seemed to pout. &quot;Maa, Emma, just because I&apos;m young&#x2026;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;As if that actually means anything,&quot; said Emma, frowning. &quot;It&apos;s been hours, how are you just now getting to me?&quot;</p><p>Senbey looked contrite. &quot;Unfortunately, we had already reallocated resources to other things&#x2014; Not that you are not important!&quot; it tagged on hastily as Emma glowered, &quot;but moving resources around requires a lot of different Incubators to agree and then there&apos;s the other girls to think about and that&apos;s why it took so long to find you.&quot;</p><p>Emma glared. &quot;So other than making me angry, why are you here?&quot; she asked, folding her arms.</p><p>&quot;Well!&quot; said Senbey, waving its tail back and forth cheerily. &quot;Given the fact that you&apos;ve somehow managed to get aaallllll the way back to the suburbs, you&apos;ve shown some remarkable resilience to your gem! It really does warrant further study, even if it&apos;s a bit of an unusual time, so I&apos;m here to formally request the chance to follow you around! Past experience indicates that humans object to being observed for some reason, but tend to be less antagonistic if asked beforehand.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s great to know that I&apos;m a science project for you,&quot; said Emma sarcastically. &quot;Truly an honor.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Excellent! If you don&apos;t mind, then, I will be taking a nap!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wait- no, that&apos;s not&#x2014;,&quot; sputtered Emma ineffectually. It was too late though. The Incubator had curled up in the exact center of the crate and begun snoring softly.</p><p>&quot;Ugh,&quot; said Emma exasperatedly, before sitting down against the crate again. Goddess damned Incubators. Kyubey had at least been something resembling courteous, but this guy&#x2026;.</p><p>Emma sighed and closed her eyes, settling in for a nap herself. At least the Incubator had something right. Naps were always good.</p><hr/><p>&quot;You&apos;ve seen the future, right Madoka?&quot; asked Sayaka.</p><p>&quot;Well, sort of,&quot; said Madoka. She and Sayaka were lying on a grassy field spotted with flowers. Overhead, countless stars in an infinite variety of color sparkled against a dark sky. &quot;It depends on a lot of things.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But you&apos;ve seen something, at least?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes,&quot; said Madoka.</p><p>&quot;Can you tell me?&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;it&apos;s&#x2026; no, I don&apos;t think I can.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Because I&apos;m afraid that if I do, I&apos;ll make it happen.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What, you&apos;re superstitious?&quot; asked Sayaka incredulously. &quot;About what? Yourself?&quot;</p><p>Madoka giggled. &quot;It&apos;s silly, I know, but&#x2026;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Whatever,&quot; said Sayaka, rolling her eyes. &quot;It&apos;s, well, I guess it&apos;s not that important anyway. I was just curious.&quot;</p><p>There was a gust of wind that tossed flower petals into the air. When the wind died down, no trace remained that anyone had been there.</p><hr/><p>&quot;Oi. Emma, was it? Wake up.&quot;</p><p>Emma rubbed her eyes and looked up. Nodoka was standing over her, looking slightly more amused than before.</p><p>&quot;Oh, hey,&quot; said Emma sleepily. &quot;Is it time to go?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well I&apos;d just leave you there drooling otherwise,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;C&apos;mon, up and at &apos;em.&quot;</p><p>Emma hurriedly wiped her mouth and brushed the saliva onto her costume. &quot;So, um, what&apos;s the plan?&quot; she asked, standing and tossing her backpack on. Senbey had disappeared.</p><p>&quot;First, you aren&apos;t doing anything,&quot; said Nodoka. She pulled her mask down and adjusted it. &quot;We&apos;ve got enough issues without you mucking about. Just don&apos;t panic and do something stupid.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh.&quot;</p><p>Nodoka glanced at her. &quot;And get any ideas that you can keep up with us in combat out of your head. You&apos;re too green.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, I understand,&quot; said Emma, looking away with embarrassment. &quot;I uh. I&apos;m sorry about earlier.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Eh, whatever,&quot; said Nodoka with a shrug. She gestured for Emma to follow. &quot;S&apos;long as you get the reality of the situation.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded as they climbed the stairs. &quot;So, uh, me following aside, what else is happening?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, in response to you appearing and us blowing up part of a supply depot, the squid have sent an extra company&apos;s worth of seek and destroy drones,&quot; said Nodoka. The stairway opened into a hallway by some bathrooms, then directly into the open courtyard. Emma didn&apos;t see or feel anyone. &quot;So getting to the extraction point is going to be a bit hairy, even with Maria&apos;s stealth generation skills.&quot;</p><p>In retrospect, it was probably all staged just to scare her. Emma jumped as three more girls, all wearing skull masks at various angles, appeared to bracket her.</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s Mia,&quot; said Nodoka, coming to a stop and turning. She nodded at a girl with a scarlet headband tied around her eyes, the rest of her costume a dress of assorted whites and blues. &quot;Team sensor type. Say hi, Mia.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hi.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Maria&apos;s the girl to your rear,&quot; continued Nodoka. Maria was alarmingly black, in the sense that she seemed to be actively made of shadow, with eyes that glittered yellow. &quot;She&apos;s our stealth generator. You know what powers I&apos;ve got, and I pull close range and command duty. Last but not least is Miss Aggressively Scottish over there, Agapita.&quot;</p><p>Emma turned to the only girl she hadn&apos;t met, even as Agapita protested that she wasn&apos;t THAT Scottish, dammit. To be fair, part of Agapita&apos;s costume was perfectly plain. Her shirt and vest were white and black, respectively, with gold buttons and a pointless watch chain. Then came flat black trousers, neatly pressed, and classic wingtip patent leather boots that shone with a mirror finish.</p><p>This was somewhat offset by the cloak swung around her shoulders, woven in bright red and green plaid. A small hat sat perched atop her head, the brim curled on one side and a large white feather sticking out of it. Most prominently, though, were the&#x2014;</p><p>&quot;Bagpipes?&quot; asked Emma incredulously. &quot;Are you serious?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh shut, up new girl,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Yes they&apos;re bagpipes and no it doesn&apos;t make me more Scottish. Irish people used to play bagpipes too!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, but they didn&apos;t march into battle with them,&quot; said Nodoka teasingly. &quot;And the fuckin&apos; plaid you have going there isn&apos;t helping.&quot;</p><p>&quot;To be fair,&quot; interjected Emma, &quot;you&apos;re not really doing it right if you&apos;re wearing part of a three piece under a cloak. It&apos;s not actually Scottish, it&apos;s just a cloak at that point.&quot;</p><p>&quot;See, I told you!&quot; said Agapita. &quot;And besides, it&apos;s not like plaid automatically makes it Scottish. You&apos;re just being racist.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ugh, fine, fine, we&apos;re wasting time anyway.&quot; said Nodoka, rolling her eyes. &quot;Anyway, the plan. Usual business for a target saturated environment, everyone knows the drill. Newbie, you stay with Agapita.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Er, right,&quot; said Emma. It seemed a weird assignment, considering Maria was the stealth generator, but she&apos;d put her foot in her mouth enough times in the last forty-eight hours.</p><p>The group moved out. They scattered across a wide area, moving through destroyed buildings to give themselves a bit of cover. The ruined structures had little in terms of obstructions to slow them down though, and the team and Emma made good time across the suburbs.</p><p>&quot;So what&apos;s your name?&quot; asked Agapita.</p><p>&quot;Uh, Emma Sinclair.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Really?&quot; asked Agapita. &quot;Huh.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, my family name is Burnside-Sinclair,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;It&apos;s probably the single most English thing you&apos;ve ever heard.&quot;</p><p>Emma snorted. &quot;It is. Are you from England, or are you just named that way?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, the whole family&apos;s from England. I&apos;m from East London.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh hey,&quot; said Emma, grinning. &quot;I&apos;m from Canary Wharf, myself.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Aww yeah, Londoners for the win!&quot; said Agapita with a grin. &quot;You seen the expansion to the starport they&apos;re making? Gonna be epic.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, uh,&quot; said Emma, wilting. The two of them ducked into the upper floors of a ruined apartment block. &quot;My family moved.&quot;</p><p>Agapita frowned. &quot;...Well, I&apos;ll find you later and fill you in,&quot; she promised as they shot out into the rain again. &quot;Like I said, the thing&apos;s gonna be epic.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll look forward to it,&quot; said Emma with a smile.</p><p>Agapita smiled back, but nodded at the run. &quot;Pay attention now, let&apos;s not get shot.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right.&quot;</p><p>Emma took a deep breath and focused on where they were going. The MagOps team had distributed itself across several hundred yards, staying within telepathy range of each other and Maria&apos;s magic. They hadn&apos;t encountered anything yet. Still, considering the number of drones that should have been incoming&#x2026;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m getting kind of nervous about this,&quot; Emma mentioned to Agapita as they continued running. &quot;This doesn&apos;t seem right.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, same here,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Nodoka&apos;s noticed by now, so we should be&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>Emma and Agapita ducked to the side simultaneously as a laser blast tore through where they&apos;d been a moment ago.</p><p>&quot;There they are!&quot; said Agapita, tugging Emma into a building and shooting through the ruins as a dozen attack drones chased after them. &quot;We&apos;ll have to shake them!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why not&#x2014;?&quot; Emma began to say, but cut herself off as she leaped upwards to roll through a broken window, then pushed herself through the air into the building across the street. Agapita was close behind, having made the leap without using aeromaneuver. &quot;Why not just shoot them?&quot;</p><p>Agapita huffed. &quot;I&apos;d love to, but it&apos;s the worst plan possible.&quot;</p><p>Emma began to protest, then reconsidered. In the field, knocking out a set of drones usually meant that they wouldn&apos;t be replaced. You usually had friendly drones that could take over those positions, but in the rear of the enemy line, that was impossible.</p><p>Damn.</p><p>&quot;Turn left, advance thirty meters, then turn right,&quot; ordered Nodoka. &quot;On my mark&#x2026;. mark.&quot;</p><p>Abruptly, Agapita changed direction as they passed through another window and onto the street. Emma barely kept up, skidding on one foot as she hurriedly pumped magic downwards to grip the surface, then launching herself toward Agapita. A small jet of wind cut her forward speed just as Agapita turned right, giving Emma time to&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;tumble headlong as a series of explosions went off just behind her. An instinctual magic shield caught most of the debris that was flung at her, but the explosion was mostly noise and light. Very loud noise and very bright light.</p><p>Emma autocorrected as best she could while deaf and partially blinded. She stumbled slightly on the landing, bounced onto a nearby wall, and ran for several meters before leaping off to jump from ruin to ruin. A flash of red heralded Agapita&apos;s position.</p><p>&quot;Good, we didn&apos;t lose track of you,&quot; said Agapita with a relieved sigh, running onward.</p><p>&quot;Sorry for falling behind,&quot; said Emma as she caught up.</p><p>&quot;Just try to do better next time,&quot; said Agapita. She glanced behind them. &quot;Drones are clear though. Thanks Maria.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Just doing my job,&quot; answered Maria. Her voice was a silky hiss that left Emma&apos;s hair standing on end.</p><p>&quot;What the hell-?!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Side effect of the transformation,&quot; whispered Maria. &quot;Hehehe, newbies. Always get freaked out by it, you do.&quot;</p><p>Emma shivered. &quot;I guess you get used to it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh it&apos;s quite pleasant in the right context,&quot; said Agapita with a small grin.</p><p>Complete silence.</p><p>&quot;Wait, what?&quot; asked Emma. Had she just implied-?</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t worry about it-&quot; began Maria, but she never got a chance to finish.</p><p>&quot;Contact left!&quot; Nodoka shouted over telepathy. &quot;All units bear right!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Shit,&quot; said Agapita, pivoting and shooting rightward. Emma was ready this time and followed reasonably well.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s going on?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Platoon,&quot; said Mia. She sounded much more pleasant than Maria did. &quot;We&apos;ll be alright.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded, then realized Mia couldn&apos;t see. &quot;Uh, right.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Building ahead,&quot; called Nodoka. &quot;Labeling it on your comps now. Regroup on the second floor.&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked, then mentally poked her TacComp. She&apos;d completely forgotten about it.</p><p>&quot;This unit is still repairing,&quot; reported the TacComp. &quot;Basic functionalities have been restored.&quot;</p><p>A second later, a waypoint blipped onto her vision, prompting a grin. Ah, jeez, it was good to have even a basic-functions-only TacComp.</p><p>&quot;Shadow cloak activated,&quot; hissed Maria. &quot;We are invisible for the next twenty seconds.&quot;</p><p>A dark haze dropped onto Emma, staining her body into a dark, grayed out version of herself. It was slightly freaky, but lasted only briefly. Twenty seconds, as it turned out, was plenty. Agapita and Emma slipped into the building, a relatively undamaged apartment block, with eight seconds to spare.</p><p>&quot;Everyone okay?&quot; asked Nodoka. A chorus of affirmatives. &quot;Good. Mia?&quot;</p><p>&quot;The extraction point is lousy with squid,&quot; said Mia. &quot;It feels like about a platoon&apos;s worth, with the complimentary drones.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Have Agapita lead us in?&quot; suggested Maria.</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s an idea,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;What else?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Could blow them up,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Newbie&apos;s rather eager.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Call it a backup plan,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;Any places to hole up and wait for them to lose interest?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not in the area,&quot; said Maria. &quot;Could wait in here, but we don&apos;t&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Have enough cubes, right,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;Looks like it&apos;s a Tattoo then. Agapita, you ready for this?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh hell yes,&quot; said Agapita with a grin. &quot;I was born ready.&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked confusedly.</p><p>&quot;What?&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>