<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>3. Homecoming Parade</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>3. Homecoming Parade</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>&quot;This is insane,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Shush,&quot; replied Agapita.</p><p>The plan had been heinously, ridiculously simple. Agapita would play a song on her bagpipes as the group marched stolidly down the main thoroughfare to the extraction point, where the teleporters would pick them up. Nodoka had developed some degree of clairvoyance, so she would be guiding the teleporters in. Maria could cloak everyone from sensors before they bugged out.</p><p>Teleporters plural, yes. Emma hadn&apos;t realized, but in hindsight it was obvious. If you needed to really, really rapidly extract a team, then you would have one girl drop herself and another teleporter in with the team, and then have the second teleporter instantaneously pull everyone out. With the combination of cloaking and clairvoyance, it would be fast and secure, with a minimum of expenditure for nearly everyone involved.</p><p>But Goddess, the lead up.</p><p>Emma took deep, calming breaths as she marched behind Agapita. Maria, Nodoka, who carried Agapita&apos;s gem, and Mia followed behind. Maria was trailing black smoke as she marched, magic coiled, leaving Nodoka continuously fighting a sneeze. Agapita made sure the bagpipes were inflated as they went.</p><p>&quot;Incoming,&quot; said Mia with compete calm. Emma gulped. She really wanted to duck into cover.</p><p>Then, with eerie serenity, Agapita began to play.</p><p>She began with a drawn out tone from the long pipes. Then, just as the first drones appeared, she began trilling out an even tune, clearly written for marching. Emma felt a tingle wash over her skin and her nervousness fade away. It wasn&apos;t the squashing down that emotional suppression created, but rather a firm, and growing, confidence that the team was going to be fine.</p><p>The drones were affected as well. They wavered briefly, then quietly switched off. The flying drones clunked to the ground, while ground-based, dog-sized drones simply keeled over where they stood. Emma blinked at this as she continued to march behind Agapita, who seemed tireless in her bagpipe playing.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s going on?&quot; Emma asked Nodoka.</p><p>&quot;Agapita&apos;s got the ability to drop entire companies of squid with those pipes of hers,&quot; said Nodoka. &quot;It&apos;s not even that they explode or whatever. Somehow they just&#x2026; switch off.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Like the drones.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Exactly like the drones.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s&#x2026; that&apos;s really creepy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t tell her you said that,&quot; said Nodoka, stifling a grin and another sneeze. &quot;Fweh. Still, it works really well.&quot;</p><p>Emma pursed her lips and kept marching. What they really needed was a drummer. Emma&apos;s fingers twitched, trying to tap a cadence out as Agapita continued playing. Actual squid were showing up now, arraying themselves across the way and bringing weapons to bear. Astoundingly, they didn&apos;t open fire. It was impossible for anyone except a magical girl. One by one, the squid stood to attention and lowered their weapons. As Agapita passed them, they crumpled to the ground.</p><p>&quot;Cubes,&quot; said Agapita shortly as she continued playing. &quot;Nodoka.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right,&quot; said Nodoka. She cupped Agapita&apos;s gem in her hands, holding it close to Maria. The wisps of smoke concealed the gem and the grief cubes neatly, making it seem like Nodoka was holding her hands out in some sort of religious gesture.</p><p>&quot;If you grab my ass, Nodoka,&quot; hissed Maria. &quot;I swear&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Just because you&apos;re the team uke doesn&apos;t mean&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Is this the time?&quot; asked Emma shortly. She could feel her cheeks reddening.</p><p>&quot;Aww, is the newbie embarrassed?&quot; teased Nodoka. &quot;Hey hey, maybe later we should&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nodoka, stop,&quot; said Mia, stifling a giggle. She reached forward and pinched Nodoka hard on the back of the neck. &quot;You&apos;re letting the magic affect you again.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah&#x2014; ow! Sorry, sorry, jeez.&quot;</p><p>Emma resisted the urge to shake her head, a grin spinning its way onto her face anyway. Agapita&apos;s magic was starting to have an euphoric effect. It was like when you knew your team was on a roll, during a game, and victory was almost assured. You just had to close out the next few minutes and it&apos;d be a perfect finish.</p><p>&quot;We&apos;re almost there,&quot; said Mia. &quot;Nodoka, concentrate.&quot;</p><p>Nodoka cleared her throat and coughed. &quot;Right, right. Black Parade to Flash One, we&apos;re ready for extraction. Be advised, we&apos;ve got a greenie from the sticks with us, and will be under cloak. Home in on my link for the teleport.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Understood Black Parade,&quot; replied one of the teleporters. &quot;We&apos;ll, uh, plan for one extra and home in with your clairvoyance. Teleport conditions?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hot, but cloaking should cover it,&quot; said Nodoka. Her voice was getting steadily more grounded. The mental activity necessary to coordinate helped her shake off the effects of Agapita&apos;s magic. Just listening in was keeping Emma&apos;s euphoria in check.</p><p>&quot;Understood, we&apos;ll drop in on your mark then,&quot; said the teleporter.</p><p>The extraction point, where the limit of the teleporters&apos; ranges were, was just ahead. The number of squid had been steadily increasing as the team had penetrated deeper into enemy space. Agapita was still perfectly fluid in her movement, playing ceaselessly and flawlessly as they continued the march. She didn&apos;t seem in any way affected by her efforts, even though Nodoka had already begun draining grief from Agapita&apos;s gem.</p><p>Then again, no sense taking chances. The team and Emma advanced through a large intersection, where an enemy IFV spontaneously shut itself off, and into a bombed out office building. Automated turrets sparked and failed themselves. Mines clicked into safe mode. It was the most singularly smooth entrance Emma had ever seen.</p><p>Maria&apos;s magic spread out now, blanketing them in black fog. Emma was briefly startled as she looked down and saw her feet, legs, and torso disappear, but quickly came to grips with it as Agapita worked her magic. The group came to a stop inside the main atrium, grouping into a circle around Agapita.</p><p>&quot;We&apos;re ready,&quot; announced Nodoka.</p><p>&quot;Understood,&quot; said the teleporter. &quot;In three, two, one&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>A rapid fire flash of blue then orange. Emma blinked as the concrete and hazard-lines of a teleportation room came into focus. Agapita immediately stopped playing with a sigh of relief.</p><p>&quot;And that, Ladies,&quot; said Nodoka with a satisfied grin, &quot;is how we do that.&quot;</p><hr/><p>The debriefing of MagOps Team 4, &quot;the Black Parade&quot;, was scheduled to happen almost immediately. There was a bit of allowance for everyone to untransform and drop their extra equipment into a locker. The exception was Emma, who wasn&apos;t allowed to untransform for unspecified reasons and soon headed to the nearest medical center.</p><p>&quot;Hey, don&apos;t forget to tell me where you&apos;re staying,&quot; said Agapita as attendants pursed their libs at Emma&apos;s delay. &quot;I still need to update you on everything back home.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Couldn&apos;t we just mental transfer?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;I mean, it seems more efficient.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bah, it&apos;s no fun alone,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Trust me, I&apos;ve got this program I pulled offa the net. It&apos;ll be cool!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh, sure, whatever then,&quot; said Emma, shrugging. One of the attendants began tapping a foot. &quot;I should go.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Take care of yourself, newbie,&quot; said Nodoka as Emma made placating gestures and began to edge away.</p><p>&quot;Yeah, stay safe,&quot; added Maria, voice now returned to normal. She was actually rather pretty as a normal person rather than a shadow ghoul. &quot;Don&apos;t do anything stupid.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, yeah,&quot; said Emma, waving as she got ushered off, trailing mud and bits of masonry. &quot;See you guys around or something.&quot;</p><p>The redoubt&apos;s ceilings were lower than Emma would have preferred. The entire structure was made of concrete with alloy rebar, designed to hold up to massive explosions that would level large amounts of surface-Helsinberg. Still, this didn&apos;t mean that everything was pure utilitarian, monochrome, exposed concrete. Every hallway was painted over with semi-intelligent paint. The default was a gentle shade of mauve, but you could perceive it as whatever color you wanted.</p><p>It also served as a convenient backup for if there was a breach and the network went down. When under attack, the paint automatically transitioned to high visibility white-on-blue and provided directions over your implants. It couldn&apos;t be hacked, either, though she had no idea why.</p><p>Emma decided on a pastel lime green. It was the sort of color you&apos;d expect from a macaron. A bit of fiddling got the walls to display a translucent overlay of fleur-de-lis patterns. Maybe she could&#x2014;</p><p>A mental yoink made her veer left suddenly. She autocorrected and dodged a passing drone as the attendants came to a stop with sighs.</p><p>&quot;Pay attention, please,&quot; said one of the attendants exasperatedly. &quot;Your health is important, and it&apos;s best to get it checked as soon as possible.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sorry, sorry,&quot; said Emma. She rubbed the back of her head sheepishly.</p><p>&quot;Come on,&quot; said the other attendant. Emma followed them, actually paying attention this time, into the med center. She was lead into an examination room, where a nurse and small platoon of medical drones were waiting.</p><p>Emma stopped short at the doorway. &quot;Is this really necessary?&quot; she asked, raising an eyebrow.</p><p>&quot;Just in case,&quot; said the attendant, gently pushing Emma inwards.</p><p>Reluctantly, Emma shuffled into the room.</p><p>&quot;Hello!&quot; greeted the nurse, extending a hand to shake. &quot;My name&apos;s Angelo Huerta, how are you feeling?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I feel fine,&quot; said Emma, shaking his hand. &quot;My name is Emma Sinclair.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s good to meet you, Emma,&quot; said Angelo with a smile. &quot;I understand this all looks rather intimidating, but I&apos;m sure you know how important we all consider magical girls to be. We just want to be absolutely sure that you&apos;re okay, alright?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I, uh, I guess,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I was uh, I was told that I shouldn&apos;t untransform yet.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s correct,&quot; said Angelo. He led her over to one of the drones. &quot;We need to take a baseline of your gem&apos;s drainage rate, to make sure it&apos;s within expected bounds. If you could?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Just put it in this slot here?&quot; asked Emma, pulling out her gem and stepping to the machine. It had a housing for her gem and a box of grief cubes. The idea, apparently, was to keep a digital eye on her gem by measuring the amount it glowed, then feed it cubes when needed. &quot;And uh, why does the rate matter?&quot;</p><p>&quot;The MHD uses it to evaluate if they need to do an emergency visit,&quot; said Angelo. The machine whirred briefly, then beeped. &quot;The results will be sent to the MHD. You&apos;re well within normal ranges though, so you&apos;re free to untransform and change.&quot;</p><p>The rest of the examination went about as expected. Emma&apos;s street clothes, her jeans especially, had gotten ragged from the long slog. They were sent off to the laundry for repairs. Emma had been given a set of generic underclothes and loose, airy pants and shirt. Angelo ended up being somewhat redundant, acting only as a technician to begin the repairs to Emma&apos;s implants and TacComp. The drones took care of everything.</p><p>&quot;Well, I&apos;ll let you rest,&quot; said Angelo, leaving Emma swinging her legs on the side of the bed. &quot;We&apos;ll need to keep you under observation for a few hours, but since you&apos;re looking good, we&apos;ve sent a notification to your unit commander and friends. It&apos;s set to automatically propagate after they get after duty.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, ok,&quot; said Emma with a relieved sigh. She had been worried she might ruin someone&apos;s concentration. Then she grimaced. &quot;Do I really need to stay here?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m sorry, but it&apos;s procedure,&quot; said Angelo. He smiled commiseratingly and shrugged.</p><p>&quot;Ah, fine, whatever,&quot; said Emma, sighing again. She flopped backwards onto the bed. &quot;This sucks.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I understand,&quot; said Angelo. &quot;We have a list of vids and games you can try, if your friends take&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>The door chimed urgently.</p><p>&quot;Ah, I assume&#x2014;,&quot; began Angelo, stepping to the side and deactivating the privacy locks. He never got a chance to finish as Ayane literally flew into the room, slamming into Emma and knocking her back onto the bed.</p><p>&quot;You stupid, stupid idiot!&quot; shouted Ayane, clutching tightly onto Emma&apos;s body as she cried. &quot;I&#x2014; I was&#x2014; I was so scared you were&#x2014;!&quot;</p><p>Emma wrapped her arms around Ayane as the other girl dissolved into wracking sobs. Unnoticed to either of them, Angelo quietly slipped out and closed the door behind him to leave them alone. It would be unprofessional for him to stay, and there wasn&apos;t anything pressing anyway.</p><p>&quot;Shh, shh, I&apos;m back,&quot; said Emma, rubbing soothing circles into Ayane&apos;s back. &quot;I&apos;m sorry, I&apos;m sorry&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Stupid,&quot; murmured Ayane into Emma&apos;s chest. She weakly punched Emma in the shoulder. &quot;Stupid stupid stupid. W-What&apos;d you go and get lost for?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Shh, I&apos;m sorry, don&apos;t worry, I&apos;m back now,&quot; said Emma soothingly. She patted Ayane on the head, then smoothed her braid back. Ayane was wearing generic hospital clothing as well. &quot;Wait, why&apos;re you in hospital clothes? Are you hurt?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mm-mm,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;I&#x2014; they, t-the MHD, made me check in for o-observation. They were afraid I&apos;d f-fade.&quot;</p><p>Emma bit her lip and pulled Ayane closer. &quot;Oh, Ayane,&quot; she whispered. &quot;I am so, so sorry. I didn&apos;t mean to&#x2026; to&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Ayane sniffed. &quot;Idiot.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m sorry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;I-It&apos;s okay,&quot; Ayane managed. &quot;Y-you&apos;re back now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Emma. She rubbed her head against Ayane&apos;s. &quot;Do you&#x2026; do you want to stay a bit? Watch a vid?&quot;</p><p>Ayane nodded. She let Emma up and sat nearby, rubbing at her eyes. Emma levered herself upright, popping out a crick in her back from Ayane&apos;s tackle.</p><p>&quot;S-sorry,&quot; said Ayane. She sat with her hands in her lap, fiddling with the hem of her shirt and looking away from Emma.</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t worry about it,&quot; said Emma. She directed the bed to auto-recline, letting them lean back against it. &quot;I, ah, understand where you&apos;re coming from.&quot;</p><p>Ayane smiled wobblily at Emma. &quot;T-thanks. If, um, if you don&apos;t mind, could I&#x2026;?&quot;</p><p>She looked away again, this time blushing.</p><p>Emma felt herself blushing as well. It made sense, sort of, that Ayane wanted more bodily contact. Some people were more comforted by being able to touch someone. Emma wasn&apos;t one of them, but a well timed hug or pat on the shoulder could do wonders for a teammate feeling discouraged. What Ayane was asking was a little more than that, and really, Emma wanted to help her feel better, but, well&#x2026;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m, uh, uh,&quot; stammered Emma. &quot;This is, uh&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;If you&apos;re not comfortable&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No it&apos;s fine,&quot; said Emma immediately. &quot;Er, that is, it&apos;s&#x2026; I&apos;m not&#x2026; really into girls, and uh, if you are, I don&apos;t want to send mixed messages.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, nonono,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;S-sorry, I didn&apos;t mean it like that. I mean, I guess yes, I&apos;m kind of interested, but not right now, and uh&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;As long as I&apos;m not going to screw things up, it&apos;s fine,&quot; said Emma quickly, saving Ayane from further stammered responses. &quot;I know that, uh, physical contact, can help people, so um&#x2026; yeah.&quot;</p><p>There was a brief silence that Emma filled with awkwardly shuffling back and forth, before adjusting the bed&apos;s recline pointlessly and moving over to lean back against it. The bed dipped slightly as Ayane moved over to sit close to her.</p><p>There was a brief moment of hesitation, before Ayane wrapped her arms around one of Emma&apos;s. The tightness of Ayane&apos;s grip, while not enough to be painful or cut circulation, pressed her close against Emma. The heat that radiated off of Ayane had a strange double effect on Emma. Part of her wanted to edge away, but another part of her wanted to get closer. She compromised by doing neither.</p><p>She was also highly aware of the fact that Ayane&apos;s body was surprisingly soft and yielding. It was probably a result of being a science-type person. Emma wasn&apos;t used to it. She was used to running into people who were more tightly muscled, able to put up resistance against a hit. The exact opposite to&#x2026; this.</p><p>&quot;So, um, what do you want to watch?&quot; asked Emma. The list of vids propagated across their vision in a shared arc.</p><p>&quot;Mm, I dunno,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;Something kinda quiet?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Okay,&quot; said Emma. &quot;How does this one sound?&quot;</p><p>The title of the vid was &quot;These Dimmed City Lights&quot;. It was about an old, embittered Soul Guard getting embroiled into a massive investigation. Multiple made-up matriarchies, a few mobsters, and a slinky Shizuki girl were all involved. That last one would certainly be a protagonist, given the politics of dealing with real matriarchies.</p><p>It was extremely bog-standard. The usual sort of vid that producers made for not-to-well-known actors who had some decent talent. But it would probably be fairly low key, which was what Ayane wanted, and have a few nice action sequences, which would keep Emma suitably entertained.</p><p>Ayane considered. &quot;Mmm&#x2026; it sounds decent. Let&apos;s try it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Do you, uh, want to get any food or something?&quot; asked Emma as the vid started.</p><p>Ayane shook her head.</p><p>&quot;Alright then.&quot;</p><p>The two of them laid back as the film began. The bed was luxuriously comfortable. Tilted at just the right angle, Emma could feel herself nodding off. That was odd, but she had been given quite a lot of drugs for implant repair. Maybe this was a side effect.</p><p>With a sleepy blink, Emma checked the progress on her implants. There were a lot of chemicals that the implants produced, along with the drugs, to help with repairs and integration into the body, but that apparently wasn&apos;t the culprit. What was making her so tired was the energy draw from the implants in order to finish repairs. The status dialogue even warned that drowsiness and disorientation may occur, and that she should find a place to rest.</p><p>Well, Emma wasn&apos;t going to be disoriented anytime soon. She yawned hugely. The heat from Ayane&apos;s body was amplifying her sleepiness.</p><p>&quot;Sleepy cat,&quot; said Ayane. She poked Emma teasingly in the side.</p><p>&quot;Mmgnh,&quot; mumbled Emma. She let herself slowly sag into Ayane, head drooping onto the other girl&apos;s shoulder. &quot;S&apos;rry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s okay,&quot; said Ayane.</p><p>&quot;The implants&apos;r, um, weird,&quot; explained Emma sleepily.</p><p>Ayane nodded. &quot;Go to sleep.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But the vid&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s fine, don&apos;t worry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;M&apos;kay&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;Emma?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mm?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m glad you&apos;re back.&quot;</p><hr/><p>Emma slowly slipped out of sleep. Blinking, she yawned and rubbed her face into Ayane&apos;s shoulder. Nnnh&#x2026; soft.</p><p>&quot;Hey, are you up?&quot; asked Ayane. She poked Emma gently in the cheek. &quot;You&apos;ve got visitors.&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked again and looked up. A small group was gathered around her bed.</p><p>&quot;Oh,&quot; said Emma, breaking into a grin. &quot;Hey guys.&quot;</p><p>Everyone had come to visit. Rebecca and Varsha had claimed a chair, with Rebecca sitting in Varsha&apos;s lap. Emily had occupied the other chair, and was trying very hard to look cool. Renee was perched on the end of the bed, petting Alanis&apos; cat form.</p><p>&quot;Hey yourself,&quot; said Alanis, shaking off Renee&apos;s hand and jumping off the bed. She slid back into human form as she fell, then turned and stretched. &quot;Nnh. Did you sleep well?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, uh, yeah, I guess?&quot; said Emma. She realized suddenly that she&apos;d managed to get herself tangled around Ayane&apos;s arm in her sleep. Emma consciously tried not to jerk away too quickly. Part of it was so that she didn&apos;t accidentally slight Ayane, but also because playing it casual would, hopefully, prevent any teasing that might occur.</p><p>She wasn&apos;t really sure she succeeded, in the end. Ayane&apos;s hand seemed to drift towards Emma&apos;s as Emma drew away, but it stopped early and landed on the covers instead. As the conversation began to pick up, Ayane scooted to the edge of the bed to let her legs dangle.</p><p>&quot;You have got some nerve, leaving us in the lurch like that,&quot; said Renee with false haughtiness. The aristocratic air she was trying to project failed miserably as she smiled. &quot;Welcome back, Emma.&quot;</p><p>&quot;The projections for you were stupid low,&quot; said Varsha. &quot;It&apos;s amazing that you survived, much less got back here in one piece.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, the projections were just stupid,&quot; said Rebecca with a confident nod. &quot;I knew you&apos;d be back, Emma. If you were gunna die, it&apos;d be in a big firefight, not during a retreat.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How d&apos;you know that then?&quot; asked Emma, raising an eyebrow.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m a precognitor in secret, didn&apos;t you know?&quot; asked Rebecca. &quot;Right guys?&quot;</p><p>There was a moment of pure silence.</p><p>&quot;Aww, come on!&quot;</p><p>Ayane rolled her eyes. &quot;Yes, yes, you can see the future. Though&#x2014;&quot; She furrowed her brow. &quot;&#x2014;you are right, sometimes. It&apos;s a little freaky.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well anyway,&quot; said Emily, rolling her eyes at the younger girls. &quot;Glad to see you&apos;re back in one piece, new girl.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bah, why so cold, Emily?&quot; asked Emma, grinning. She hadn&apos;t realized Emily&apos;s attitude would be something she&apos;d miss.</p><p>&quot;Well you know,&quot; said Emily, doing her best to look casual, &quot;not really looking forward to saving your ass again.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Says the girl who was crying when she found out,&quot; quipped Rebecca.</p><p>Emily scowled at her. &quot;Shut up.&quot;</p><p>Emma laughed. It really was good to be back. &quot;You&apos;ve all introduced yourselves then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, and nearly got into a fight besides,&quot; said Renee. &quot;Ms. Cross took offense to Rebecca&apos;s teasing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Shut UP.&quot;</p><p>&quot;In her defense,&quot; piped up Ayane. &quot;Rebecca can be very loud.&quot;</p><p>Alanis nodded in agreement. &quot;My poor ears,&quot; she said, wincing as she rubbed her ears.</p><p>&quot;Hey, that&apos;s my girlfriend you&apos;re talking about!&quot; protested Varsha with a grin. &quot;Watch it, or I&apos;ll be forced to defend her honor!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, my valorous princess,&quot; sighed Rebecca overdramatically, draping herself across Varsha. &quot;Do not go forth unto battle for my sake, for surely only death awaits you!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, hey, some support, c&apos;mon!&quot;</p><p>&quot;But she&apos;s OLD!&quot; cried Rebecca. &quot;Have you not heard that experience outstrips the strength of youth?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oi,&quot; said Alanis flatly, her ears matching her tone.</p><p>The group had a laugh at her expense.</p><p>&quot;Hey, so, I don&apos;t see Qing Duo,&quot; said Emma after the laughter died down. &quot;Is she still on duty or something?&quot;</p><p>An awkward silence fell.</p><p>&quot;Qing Duo didn&apos;t&#x2026; make it, during the retreat,&quot; said Alanis.</p><p>Emma blinked, then swallowed hard. &quot;O-oh. That&apos;s&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;D-did she, um, did she fade? Or was it&#x2026;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, she faded away,&quot; said Emily. &quot;She&#x2014; her platoon got zeroed by squid artillery. She managed to help most of them get away before she died. It was&#x2014;,&quot; Emily sniffed and swallowed, wiping at her eyes angrily. &quot;It was actually really impressive to see. It just pisses me off that we couldn&apos;t do anything to help.&quot;</p><p>Emma bit her lip. It was a bad business. Getting hit by an artillery strike like that was inevitably bad. Sometimes it was because you screwed up, and other times there was nothing anyone could do about it. It was always devastating, unless&#x2026;</p><p>&#x2026;well, unless a magical girl pulled off a minor miracle, like Qing Duo had.</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I didn&apos;t know her as well as you guys did, but&#x2014;,&quot; began Emma, before she paused to swallow. Her throat felt surprisingly thick. &quot;But it sounds like, in the end&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;d be the way I&apos;d prefer to go,&quot; said Alanis. &quot;I just wish she could be here.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>The group was quiet. Their silence was somber and contemplative. Death was a constant for magical girls. There were innumerable ways to die on the battlefield, after all. Even if, miraculously, there hadn&apos;t been a war going on, you would have still been dependent on grief cubes to survive. For them, few things were more tenuous than life.</p><p>Emma sighed. &quot;We should have a ceremony,&quot; she said. Dwelling on this was bad for everyone involved. They had to move on. &quot;Or, um, did you do that already?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, we were&#x2026; we were going to wait and do a joint one, actually,&quot; said Varsha. &quot;It was looking grim, for you, so we figured we&apos;d ask your unit if they wanted to come with. And then we found out about Qing Duo, so&#x2026;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright,&quot; said Emma. Hearing her own funeral plans would be a little unnerving, but she pressed on grimly. &quot;So, what arrangements did you guys make? Can we go ahead with them for Qing Duo?&quot;</p><p>Alanis nodded, rubbing at an eye. &quot;I just have to square some things away, since I&apos;m our ranking officer. There&apos;s a city farther back in Kolasi where we can have a ceremony without risking getting bombed. We can hitch a ride on a supply drone to and back.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ranking officer?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;I thought you were a First Lieutenant?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, Alanis got promoted,&quot; said Emily. She had dropped her act. It was too painful to keep it up. &quot;She&apos;s <em>Captain</em> Siyankin now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Shush,&quot; said Alanis, sounding distinctly embarrassed despite everything. &quot;Anyway. The plan we came up with was a bit of a picnic and a bonfire vigil. I&#x2026; guess the others won&apos;t be coming now, so&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, we didn&apos;t know her, but I think we&apos;d all be willing to come honor Qing Duo,&quot; said Ayane. She glanced around and received nods from Renee, Varsha, and Rebecca. &quot;So please, if you&apos;ll have us, we&apos;d like to come too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;In that case, please,&quot; said Alanis. &quot;Qing Duo deserves more than three girls at her funeral. That doesn&apos;t change the plan all that much though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright,&quot; said Emma. She took a deep breath to center herself. It all felt a bit mad, but Emma preferred that. She could handle a little madness. It was stagnation that she couldn&apos;t handle. &quot;When are we headed out?&quot;</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s still a week left,&quot; said Alanis. &quot;We were going to wait it out a bit longer, for you. Seems like that was a good idea, yeah?&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled. &quot;Yeah. Thanks for not giving up on me.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>