<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>5. Lunch and a Show</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>5. Lunch and a Show</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The vid they ended up seeing was called <em>A Tale of Two Gardens</em>. It was set on a colony out on the fringe of human space, just before the Cephalopods had attacked. A classically structured tale, the vid featured two star crossed lovers fighting through family prejudices and forces aligned against them to find love and happiness in each other&apos;s arms in a Shakesperially rooted fantasy. As advertised, it featured the generally quiet and soft-spoken Kuroi Isamu, falling deeply in love with the fiery and talented Shizuki Mikoto. Unlike the great bard&apos;s tale, though, <em>A Tale of Two Gardens</em> seemed destined for a happy ending.</p><p>Emma restrained a sigh as Rebecca sniffled two seats over. Ayane sat to her right, slowly munching through a bag of popcorn. Renee seemed to be so engrossed with the vid, she might actually be taking notes. Emma really hoped that wasn&apos;t the case, as she was fairly certain that this was not how romance worked in real life.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re going to do what?!&quot; asked Sister Amelia of the Cult of Hope. &quot;Are you mad?! The matriarchs will send people after you! You&apos;ll never be able to stop, never be able to rest. Running, for the rest of your lives. Is that what you want?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes,&quot; said Mikoto resolutely. She reached over and took Isamu&apos;s hand tenderly, looking once into his eyes before turning to face Sister Amelia again. &quot;Yes it is. Will you help us?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh for the love of the Goddess,&quot; groaned Amelia, slumping into a chair and pressing her palms against her eyes. &quot;Save me, My Lady, from young couples with little sense and too much time in bed.&quot;</p><p>Emma rolled her eyes but couldn&apos;t restrain a small smile as Mikoto thwapped Amelia upside the head and Isamu flushed bright red. She pulled her attention away from the vid, not difficult to do, honestly, and returned back to the composition she was writing.</p><p>It was a message to Abigail, the chaplain for the Cult of Hope for 12th Division. Emma hadn&apos;t really been sure about the Goddess, back when they&apos;d first spoken before the drop. Now, with recent events fresh in her memory, Emma&apos;s opinion had changed. She planned to join the Cult. When, exactly, was still a bit up in the air, but Abigail was probably swamped and would have to get around to her later. Emma had a while to stew on it.</p><p>&quot;Fine, look, I can get you on a freighter out to Mugadishou,&quot; said Amelia placatingly, dodging another of Mikoto&apos;s swats from some ribald joke Amelia had made. &quot;You&apos;re on your own from there.&quot;</p><p>&quot;We can work it out,&quot; said Isamu. &quot;Thank you, Sister.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t thank me yet,&quot; sighed Amelia. &quot;Meet me at&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma rested her head on her right hand, reading back over her message. The details had probably been seen by Abigail plenty of times, but Emma felt like it was one of those things that needed to be done properly. Still, she&apos;d been writing for the last twenty minutes. Emma&apos;s final read through didn&apos;t catch anything particularly glaring. She went to send it, then paused.</p><p>Should she&#x2026;?</p><p>Maybe until later, Emma decided. The others seemed engrossed in the vid, and Emma didn&apos;t want to disturb them. She sent the message without CCing the others. While she was in her mail app, Emma also sent a message to Agapita. She&apos;d promised to contact her earlier, after all.</p><p>This message was substantially less complicated. &quot;Calendar looks free, want to meet up somewhere?&quot; Emma attached her rooming assignment to the bottom and hit send.</p><p>&quot;Where do you think you&apos;re going?&quot; asked Shizuki Sayaka, standing only five and a half feet tall in the same form as when she&apos;d contracted. Her body sparked with magic as Mikoto gulped but stared the Matriarch down.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m leaving,&quot; said Mikoto, voice wobbling in fear as Sayaka crossed her arms.</p><p>&quot;Is that so?&quot; asked Sayaka. &quot;And you&apos;ll be meeting that boy&#x2014;,&quot; Sayaka spat the word like it was made of toxic sludge &quot;&#x2014;off somewhere? To &apos;make love&apos;, I presume?&quot;</p><p>Emma doubted that Shizuki Sayaka actually spoke like that. Nor did she really think that something like this actually warranted the Matriarch&apos;s intervention. But the studio had decided to play up the drama, and apparently Sayaka-sama had seen the vid and approved.</p><p>Emma&apos;s interface blinked at her quietly. It was a response from Agapita. &quot;Yo! I&apos;m free for lunch, want to meet up?&quot;</p><p>That was fast. Emma quickly responded: &quot;Sure, will let friends know I have other plans.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You can bring them if you want.&quot;</p><p>&quot;A news dump about London Town? I doubt they&apos;d be entertained.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hmmm, true. See you later then. :3&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed and turned back to the vid.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re going to go no matter what I say, aren&apos;t you?&quot; asked Sayaka, her &quot;stare of the ages&quot; not actually working, given that the actor, doused in CGI, was not several hundred years old.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;ll have to kill me,&quot; said Mikoto. She gulped, but transformed with a ripple of color.</p><p>&quot;You dare?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I do.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;very well, you are free to go,&quot; said Sayaka. She sighed, and stepped to the side. &quot;If there&apos;s one thing I&apos;ve learned from these many years alive, it&apos;s that nothing can stand in the way of true love. Not even magic.&quot;</p><p>Emma stifled a gag. Goddess above, that was the cheesiest line yet. Shizuki Sayaka definitely did not talk like that.</p><p>&quot;Here, it helps distract you,&quot; Ayane whispered telepathically. She held the bag of popcorn in front of Emma.</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; Emma replied. She reached in for a few kernels and crunched through them. &quot;Oh hey, parmesan and garlic.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sorry, forgot to warn you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, it&apos;s fine, I like parmesan and garlic,&quot; said Emma. She reached in for another handful. &quot;Never liked super sweet things.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Me neither,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;Thoughts on the vid?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Way to cheesy,&quot; said Emma immediately. &quot;How do people watch these things?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Healthy disregard for reality, I guess,&quot; said Ayane. She crunched into a mouthful of popcorn. &quot;That line from Sayaka just now was awful.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ugh, yes,&quot; said Emma. &quot;How did that magical girl noir thing go, earlier?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It was fine,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;I slept through part of it, actually.&quot;</p><p>Emma swallowed a mouthful of popcorn half-chewed. That&#x2014; what. &quot;&#x2026;Oh, okay,&quot; she said as casually as possible. &quot;What&apos;d you miss?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not sure,&quot; said Ayane. She reached over to get more popcorn. &quot;I was really confused when Chiaki&#x2014; the main character &#x2014; ended up shooting this one guy from the beginning of the vid.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Did you ever figure it out?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, well, as it turns out, he was the baddie&apos;s agent all along. Bit of a shock actually, he was quite the gentleman up till then.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh,&quot; said Emma. Her imagination flitted, suddenly, to an image of her and Ayane cuddled together, Ayane raising an eyebrow at the vid as Emma snored into Ayane&apos;s shoulder. She remembered Ayane&apos;s warmth, the odd softness of her body, and&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;Emma whacked herself on the head.</p><p>&quot;What are you doing?&quot; asked Ayane.</p><p>&quot;Nothing,&quot; said Emma. She shivered and ate a few more kernels of popcorn, then turned her attention back to the vid.</p><p>The two lovers were quietly making their way through the star port, going through back channels to avoid the security scanners. Sister Amelia licked her lips, then ushered the two of them through a door into the space elevator station.</p><p>&quot;Blend in with the crowd and don&apos;t look out of place,&quot; said Amelia quietly. &quot;You&apos;re on your own from here. If anyone asks, just say that you&apos;re on magical girl business. The hacks I installed will scramble the facial recognition software.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; said Mikoto. She and Isamu gave Amelia a hug. &quot;Thank you for everything.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m pretty sure that hack doesn&apos;t exist,&quot; said Ayane.</p><p>&quot;It might,&quot; said Emma with a shrug. &quot;I mean, computing is just an infinite series of black boxes, you know?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Pfft,&quot; snorted Ayane. &quot;You have no idea. Migration modeling software is such a pain to use.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah? What&apos;s it like?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Well it&apos;s generally pretty powerful,&quot; said Ayane, pulling up the application, called FlockPlot 2.2, to show Emma what it was like. &quot;But someone decided to write a GUI.&quot;</p><p>Emma winced. Graphical user interfaces were often necessary for general user applications. For more technical work, even, a GUI often was extremely useful for understanding what your data was doing.</p><p>The difference between that and FlockPlot was that the latter&apos;s GUI was hard-coded, rather than designed and created by a graphical design specialist. Phoebusoft, for example, produced a geographical plotting application with an almost perfectly intuitive GUI. FlockPlot was&#x2026; significantly less so.</p><p>&quot;Yeah that&apos;s&#x2026; pretty bad,&quot; said Emma. She nudged Ayane consolingly. &quot;Can you even access the mental interface?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, whoever wrote this didn&apos;t really use it,&quot; said Ayane, rolling her eyes. &quot;I mean, the code is kind of fiddly, but it&apos;s really not that bad. All I have is a plug-in that lets me drop in some data, but if I change one parameter&#x2014;,&quot; FlockPlot pinged and transitioned into a map of Japan, multiple data points scattered across it. Ayane&apos;s input immediately wiped them all out. &quot;&#x2014;Well look, see? I have to completely re-plot it. It&apos;s completely ridiculous, and I have to do at least fifty of these plots for each species!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Are there a lot of species in Osaka?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Emma, we get three hundred different types of bird, every year,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;Half of those are migratory.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh. That, that uh, that sounds fun.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well it is, sort of,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;You get to see a lot of different birds, obviously, so if you like birds, it&apos;s a really great thing to see, especially if you get a breather. But when you&apos;re working&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s a massive clusterfuck?&quot;</p><p>Ayane sighed. &quot;Yeah, basically. It&apos;s the middle of migration season, actually, so I got to test out my new powers a bit with the local fauna.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How&apos;s that then?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;I thought your main power was flight?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It is, but uh, well,&quot; said Ayane, suddenly turning red and looking away. &quot;I uh&#x2026; I wished that I could just talk to the birds and figure out what was going on, so&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma wasn&apos;t entirely sure how to respond to this.</p><p>&quot;Uh, well, it&apos;s a good wish for your field.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It was a stupid wish and I should have come up with a better one,&quot; said Ayane, frowning.</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t say that&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s true though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, look, we can talk about it later, but this&#x2014;,&quot; Emma mentally nodded at the vid and its finale moment. Rebecca was quietly hiccuping into Varsha&apos;s shoulder. Emma glanced over to see Varsha roll her eyes but pat Rebecca gently on the head. &quot;This is probably not the best place.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, sorry,&quot; said Ayane, sighing slightly and closing her program. &quot;I&apos;m not&#x2014; well, my psychiatrist says I shouldn&apos;t be so down about my wish. She says all wishes are important.&quot;</p><p>Emma tread forward carefully. &quot;I don&apos;t really know much about that sort of thing, but it sounds right to me.&quot;</p><p>Ayane looked over at her and smiled melancholically. &quot;Thanks. I don&apos;t really believe it, but thanks.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2014; you&apos;re welcome,&quot; said Emma. She looked around. Varsha was still waiting for Rebecca to stop crying, probably telepathically cooing at the girl to cheer her up. Renee though&#x2026;</p><p>Renee was giving her and Ayane an interested look.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s up?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Nothing,&quot; said Renee casually. She crossed a leg. &quot;You have any plans for the rest of the day?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mm, I don&apos;t,&quot; said Ayane. &quot;Did you have an idea for something?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Really?&quot; asked Renee, arching an eyebrow. &quot;The way you two were engrossed in each other, I would have expected a date or something.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, no, nothing like tha&#x2014; wait, what?&quot; asked Ayane, flushing immediately. &quot;R-Renee! What are you saying?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You make a good, if somewhat unexpected, couple,&quot; said Renee with maddening offhandedness. She got up and made her way to the door. &quot;Do try and kiss once, before Emma goes back on the duty roster.&quot;</p><p>Emma and Ayane sat in stunned silence.</p><p>&quot;Wait, hold on, Renee!&quot; Ayane called, getting up and running after. &quot;Renee, we are not dating!&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re not?&quot; asked Varsha as she helped Rebecca up. &quot;Wait, really?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No,&quot; said Emma, still in disbelief. &quot;Where did you get that impression?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Are you kidding?&quot; asked Varsha. &quot;You were cuddling.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ayane had just been in the hospital!&quot; protested Emma. &quot;Everyone reacts to shitty situations differently. When it&apos;s like that, there&apos;s nothing romantic about&#x2014; about cuddling.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I guess,&quot; said Varsha thoughtfully. She rubbed Rebecca&apos;s head soothingly. &quot;I mean, it&apos;s true that me and Rebecca aren&apos;t going to be making out in the next five seconds.&quot;</p><p>&quot;S-says you,&quot; broke in Rebecca with a giggle.</p><p>&quot;Stop it,&quot; said Varsha, tapping Rebecca on the head and leading the way out of the viewing booth.</p><p>&quot;But seriously, me and Ayane are not getting together,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Yeah, whatever,&quot; said Varsha.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m not even gay, it&apos;s not a thing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh huh,&quot; said Rebecca.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m not going to, I dunno, throw her into bed and do things to her.&quot;</p><p>Varsha and Rebecca looked at each other.</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;Neither of us said anything about going to bed,&quot; said Rebecca. &quot;Where&apos;d you come up with that?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m just saying!&quot; said Emma, waving her arms in distress. &quot;I don&apos;t want a bunch of rumors about us!&quot;</p><p>&quot;You&apos;re really not helping your cause,&quot; said Varsha.</p><p>&quot;Yeah? How would you know?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Because I&apos;m dating the girl I was shipped with,&quot; said Varsha blithely, before turning and walking off with Rebecca.</p><p>Emma watched them go, jaw swinging loose in shock.</p><hr/><p>The view from the top of the chuen was surprisingly stunning. It wasn&apos;t what Emma would call a &quot;large structure&quot;, especially compared to the endless depths you could fall if you jumped from the right building in Mitakihara. But it was quite large, nonetheless, and quite architecturally diverse. There was a large mix between architectural traditions across the ages, with Ancient Roman scattered amongst Ancient Chinese, and Ancient Chinese scattered amongst Ancient Roman. Colorful Russian Tzarist bulbs mingled with the sheer granite of Modernism, and, most interestingly of all, everything blended and merged into a multicolored riot that was often somewhat horrifying, but just as commonly stunningly beautiful.</p><p>It was easy to lose yourself in the sweeping lines and clean corners of the various buildings. It was certainly easier, lying there on your stomach on a roof near the cavern ceiling, than thinking about&#x2026; things.</p><p>With a groan, Emma rolled over and stared up at the stone above her. Deep in the bedrock, there was a slight amount of groundwater leakage that was never really preventable. Water trickled downwards towards the sides, where gutters collected the water and ran it into the chuen&apos;s dedicated reservoir. No sense wasting the water, after all.</p><p>Dammit. What a mess. Actually, it wasn&apos;t even a mess yet, and Emma was already freaking out about it. Honestly, she was probably massively over thinking the issue. Renee had probably just been trolling, like she usually did.</p><p>Varsha and Rebecca made her pause though. Varsha was right, she and Rebecca had been the single most talked about couple, or potential couple, in training, and now they were together. What if Emma and Ayane were doing something similar? This was a terrible time and place to be starting any sort of relationship. Longstanding inevitabilities, like Rebecca and Varsha, were one thing, but this? This was horribly stupid. It was distracting, it could lead to unintentional gem burnout, and&#x2026;</p><p>&#x2026;And&#x2026;</p><p>&#x2026;Well the cold truth of the matter was that Ayane could be dead in two days. So could Emma. Combat duty was <em>combat</em> duty. You were going onto the surface, where there were millions of ways to die ranging from a sniper shot to slipping off a building. There was no guarantee that the girl you&apos;d just got in bed with would return. Hell, it was dangerous for Rebecca and Varsha to be together, and it was a wonder that the MHD hadn&apos;t finagled something to get them separated. If Varsha died, Rebecca would know immediately. She might end up dying right then and there. It was a terrible, terrible risk, falling for a magical girl when you, yourself, were one as well.</p><p>Emma wasn&apos;t sure she could handle that. She knew she couldn&apos;t stand the idea of any of her friends dying, and didn&apos;t think about it much because of that. She knew that she felt a lot of responsibility, and that there were people counting on her to lead them well. She was responsible for enough deaths, in the past or in the future.</p><p>Emma didn&apos;t want Ayane&apos;s death on her hands as well.</p><p>Emma&apos;s TacComp pinged. It was time for her appointment with Agapita.</p><hr/><p>Hanegawa&apos;s Ramen Bar was a small storefront on the east side of the chuen. Tucked in a corner and relatively inconspicuous, it was run by Harold Hanegawa. True to its name, it was both a restaurant and a bar, serving both alcohol in abundance and hand made, custom to order, positively massive bowls of ramen.</p><p>&quot;So, you been here before?&quot; asked Emma telepathically. She sat on a high barstool before the main counter. The clank of ladles on stockpots and rapid thwacking of knives on cutting boards drowned out all attempts at verbal communication.</p><p>&quot;Not really,&quot; said Agapita, pursing her lips as she scrolled through the implant-projected menu. Fragrant steam, heavy with the smell of slow-simmered meat and vegetables, wafted over the counter. &quot;Mmm&#x2026; smells good though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What do you think about the barbecue pork?&quot; asked Emma. She glanced through the ingredients list. &quot;Looks like it&apos;s Japanese barbecue they use, so can&apos;t be bad?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, I don&apos;t think so, maybe try&#x2014;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hello ladies!&quot; shouted a cook. He swung a towel onto his shoulder and smiled dazzlingly at them. &quot;Welcome to Hanegawa&apos;s! This your first time here?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes!&quot; Emma shouted back.</p><p>&quot;Great, welcome welcome!&quot; replied the cook. &quot;A bit of an intro then, here&apos;s how it works. Ramen at Hanegawa&apos;s comes either in prepped-bowls or A-la-Carte. Prepped-bowls are prepped-bowls, they&apos;re what they say on the label. You can add stuff from the A-la-Carte list if you like. Straight A-la-Carte starts with a choice of three different broths, then your meat, then your veggies. We cook the meat and veggies to order and combine everything together for your meal.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What&apos;s a good prepped bowl then?&quot; asked Agapita.</p><p>&quot;Well, since you&apos;re both magical girls, I&apos;d recommend our Mage&apos;s Special,&quot; suggested the cook. He gestured over the counter and popped up a graphics. &quot;It&apos;s fairly simple, but a big hit with all the mages we get. We start by marinating steak in rice vinegar, Asian pear extract, and brown sugar, then sear it and slice it into strips. The broth we use is the Three Bone House, and the bowl comes with blanched carrot matchsticks and Asiatic broccoli. The garnish is finely sliced red onions and a scoop of butter. Sound good?&quot;</p><p>Agapita and Emma glanced at each other.</p><p>&quot;Brilliant,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;We&apos;ll take one each.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Fantastic, house beer sound good for drinks? I&apos;d recommend it for this bowl.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, house beer sounds good,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;You okay with house beer, Emma?&quot;</p><p>Emma shrugged. &quot;I don&apos;t have much experience with this sort of thing, so whatever is fine for me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Excellent, here are your beers,&quot; said the cook. He placed two bottles in front of them with a clunk, the glass misting immediately in the humid atmosphere. &quot;Enjoy your beers, ladies, your food will be up shortly.&quot; He turned and bellowed down the line: &quot;TWO MAGE&apos;S SPECIALS FOR THE COUNTER.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Goddess, this is a bar?&quot; asked Emma as a returning bellow echoed up the line. She twisted the cap off the top of her beer with an incredulous shake of her head. &quot;That was better service than I&apos;ve had anywhere on Earth. Sounds like better food too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well you know, Hanegawa-sensei&apos;s got two Starline Stripes,&quot; said Agapita.</p><p>&quot;Starline Stripes? What are those?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, they&apos;re ratings given out by the Starline Association,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;For people who go on holiday, to give them an idea where to eat and where to stay. Harold Hanegawa&apos;s gotten two stripes out of three for his restaurant in Downtown Helsinberg.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh. I&apos;ve never heard of the Starline Association.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Really? They&apos;ve got an office in London,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;Although I guess it&apos;s part of that update I said I&apos;d be giving you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah? What else is new then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, when were you in London last?&quot;</p><p>The conversation was fairly long. Emma listened closely as Agapita described all the changes that had happened in the last two years, accompanied by an animation that updated itself based on what Agapita was talking about. It was startling how much had changed. The old Shizuki Business Complex had been remodeled. It was now an official MSY Finance center, with many of the businesses slowly being integrated into the MSY where applicable. Hashimoto and Sinclair Investments and Securities was apparently doing very well under the guidance of Emma&apos;s parents and Ami Hashimoto. The latter was even getting married, or so the rumors said.</p><p>&quot;Ami&apos;s not that much older than me, is she?&quot; asked Emma as she chewed through a strip of almost-totally-raw steak. It was absolutely fantastic.</p><p>&quot;No, well, she&apos;s twenty,&quot; said Agapita. &quot;So six years older than you, I think.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But still, that&apos;s a bit young, isn&apos;t it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, matriarchies do it all the time,&quot; said Agapita. She waved her chopsticks dismissively. &quot;It&apos;s not like you&apos;re expected to pump out babies as soon as you get married. This isn&apos;t the 1100s.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; guess. You think it was political then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, probably,&quot; said Agapita with a nod. &quot;She&apos;s married to, hm, Shizuki Ryouichi. He&apos;s from around here, actually. There&apos;s a Shizuki family that&apos;s in charge of the local branch office for HSIS. His mum&apos;s name is Shizuki Hinata, dad&apos;s called Shizuki Akio, he married in though, and he&apos;s got a little brother named Shizuki Ryouta.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How alliterative,&quot; remarked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Quite.&quot;</p><p>&quot;How do you know them?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, the Burnside-Sinclair family has a long relationship with the Shizuki Matriarchy,&quot; said Agapita. She pulled up a diagram in a shareview. &quot;You see, our ancestor, Maria, was sort of adopted by the Shizukis way back before the Unification Wars. The Burnside-Sinclairs ended up building their own matriarchy for awhile, until, uh, ideological differences kind of made us implode.&quot; Agapita sighed. &quot;We lost a lot of people. Good people. The family scattered. Some joined up with the FA, but a lot of us apparently ended up just keeping their heads down, staying away from magic and the like. The Shizukis stuck with us throughout, and we owe Sayaka-sama a lot. When I deployed here, Laure, our current matriarch, forwarded a contact list, in case I needed any help. Not that I needed it, since, you know, MagOps, but it was nice of her anyway. She tries to keep tabs on us, to keep us from getting lost like the others.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That sounds very sad,&quot; said Emma. She pushed a piece of meat around on her bowl. &quot;I uh&#x2026; I&apos;m sorry for your family.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, whatever,&quot; said Agapita, cheering up a bit. &quot;Let&apos;s not worry about it. It&apos;s not like I was there, I&apos;m only fifty-three.&quot;</p><p>Emma choked on a noodle. &quot;Goddess, I keep forgetting,&quot; she muttered, coughing out the stray pasta. &quot;You&apos;re old.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, you&apos;re only as old as you want to be!&quot; said Agapita with a grin. &quot;Us magical girls, we can be fifteen the rest of our lives!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah yeah,&quot; said Emma, rolling her eyes.</p><p>&quot;But actually, on that note,&quot; said Agapita. She tapped her chopsticks apprehensively against her bowl. &quot;I did want to ask. Your last name&apos;s interesting, do you think I could get a DNA test done?&quot;</p><p>&quot;What do you mean?&quot; asked Emma, slurping up more noodles. &quot;You&apos;re not seriously suggesting I&apos;m part of one of those lost families from the Unification Wars?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I mean, you could be,&quot; said Agapita seriously. &quot;Having a family to count on is a big deal.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What for?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Matriarchal politics, for one thing, so we want all the family we can get. But I also have way too few cousins who are also magical girls, and I&apos;d really like another.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;That&apos;s&#x2026; a little creepy,&quot; said Emma, leaning away from the other girl.</p><p>&quot;Oh pleeeeeeeeeeease?&quot;</p><p>Emma rolled her eyes. &quot;Ugh, fine, just don&apos;t get your hopes up. Sinclair&apos;s not exactly a rare last name. What do you need me to do?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure, sure, just hold on a sec,&quot; said Agapita with a grin. She hurriedly searched her pockets, before flipping out a hypo. &quot;Gimme your arm.&quot;</p><p>Cautiously, Emma held out her arm. Agapita grabbed hold of Emma&apos;s wrist and pushed her sleeve up.</p><p>&quot;This won&apos;t hurt a bit.&quot;</p><p>A stab.</p><p>&quot;Ow!&quot; yelped Emma, snatching her arm back. &quot;You said that wouldn&apos;t hurt!&quot;</p><p>&quot;I lied,&quot; said Agapita blithely, tucking the hypo back into her pocket with a giggle. &quot;That&apos;ll get processed eventually. Back to London then.&quot;</p><p>Emma gave Agapita a wary look as the other chattered on, before turning back to her ramen. The MagOps operative was clearly insane.</p><p>Hopefully, Emma wouldn&apos;t end up like that.</p>
</div></body></html>