<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>8. Cups That Runneth Over</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>8. Cups That Runneth Over</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The last thing Abigail did before Emma left the chapel was press a gold brooch into Emma&apos;s hands after she&apos;d untransformed. The Cult&apos;s symbol was etched into the brooch&apos;s metamaterial face, the material rippling in the light as Emma tilted it. It changed into a deep, subdued, red after Emma pinned it onto the front pocket of her hoodie.</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s also classes, discussion meetings, and other Cult activities you can participate in,&quot; said Abigail, forwarding the relevant information.</p><p>&quot;Classes?&quot; asked Emma, wrinkling her nose in distaste.</p><p>&quot;Well you&apos;ve got to find out about what you&apos;ve just joined somehow,&quot; said Abigail, chuckling. &quot;Come on, it&apos;s not that bad.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; guess,&quot; hedged Emma. &quot;At least it&apos;s not economics or something&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Just make sure you know the basics,&quot; said Abigail. &quot;After that, you can just do the fun stuff if you want. Take a look at &apos;ministry activities&apos;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, you&apos;ve got football matches,&quot; said Emma, grinning as she scrolled through the list. &quot;That&apos;s great, I haven&apos;t had a chance to play in a long time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bring your friends,&quot; suggested Abigail. &quot;There&apos;s not enough girls available, usually, to get a really good game going, and we like to try and spread the word to whoever we can reach.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, alright,&quot; said Emma enthusiastically. &quot;I don&apos;t know what my schedule&apos;s going to be like though, but I&apos;ll try to get them to come when I can.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Great!&quot; said Abigail. &quot;Do you have anything else you&apos;d like to talk about?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, not really,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Thanks. For everything.&quot;</p><p>Abigail nodded. &quot;Of course,&quot; she said. &quot;Any time you need to speak to someone who&apos;s not a shrink, feel free to come by, alright?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I&apos;ll see you around then.&quot;</p><p>The ride back to Emma&apos;s residence block seemed extraordinarily short. Emma&apos;s mind was still buzzing with what had just happened, and it kept her preoccupied. Varsha and Rebecca were in the latter&apos;s room, going over a map, when Emma returned.</p><p>&quot;Oh hey Emma,&quot; said Rebecca. She gestured at her room. &quot;Come in. You&apos;ll have to sit on the bed, but it&apos;s clean, I promise.&quot;</p><p>Varsha punched her in the arm, blushing. &quot;A-anyway, what&apos;s up?&quot; she asked, ignoring Rebecca&apos;s collapse into giggles.</p><p>&quot;Well, I&apos;ve got some important news that I wanted to share with you guys,&quot; said Emma. She stuck her hands into the pocket of her hoodie. &quot;Have you got a minute?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure,&quot; said Rebecca. The floating map was pushed to the side, and the couple scooted to the side to give Emma space to sit. &quot;So, what&apos;s happening?&quot;</p><p>Emma took a deep breath, held it, and breathed back out. Here went nothing. &quot;I joined the Cult of Hope. I thought you ought to know.&quot;</p><p>Varsha and Rebecca blinked at her.</p><p>&quot;Do you&#x2026; do you have any questions?&quot; Emma asked.</p><p>&quot;What did joining the Cult entail?&quot; asked Varsha. &quot;Was there a process?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Let me just send you the memory,&quot; she said. &quot;It&apos;s probably easier than trying to tell you verbally.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright.&quot;</p><p>Emma fiddled with her brooch nervously while she waited for them to finish watching. She recalled suddenly that she had started crying part of the way through, and hastily squashed down a squirt of embarrassment. She still wanted to tell them about her experience, though. It was important to her, at least, and it seemed like the sort of thing that others in your social circle needed to know when it happened. And besides, despite Ayane and Renee not having a clue, Emma wasn&apos;t ashamed of her faith. Varsha and Rebecca finished the memory a moment later.</p><p>&quot;So is that it then?&quot; asked Varsha.</p><p>&quot;Uh, yeah,&quot; said Emma. She shifted slightly in her seat. &quot;There&apos;s not much to it, honestly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Huh,&quot; said Rebecca, blinking at the last frame of the memory Emma had forwarded to them. &quot;I was expecting something more&#x2026; involved, I guess.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Honestly, I thought the Cult would be kind of creepy,&quot; admitted Varsha. &quot;But that&apos;s a lot better than I thought it would be.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What do you mean?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Well, there&apos;s this group of Christians that are in my hometown,&quot; said Varsha. &quot;It&apos;s uh&#x2026; well&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh come on, they&apos;re not that bad,&quot; said Rebecca. &quot;There are some out where I live. They&apos;re really nice!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Different planets, different Christians,&quot; said Varsha, shrugging. &quot;The ones I have go around in this pack. Matching clothes, matching facial expressions&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>All three of them shivered simultaneously.</p><p>&quot;Well I&apos;m sure there are some members of the Cult who are like that,&quot; said Emma, scratching her head. &quot;But Abigail&apos;s not like that. I&apos;m not like that.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course,&quot; said Varsha. &quot;It&apos;s better than I expected. As long as you don&apos;t start doing the creepy dance, congratulations and stuff, I guess. Is that something you congratulate people on?&quot;</p><p>&quot; &apos;Course you do,&quot; said Rebecca, rolling her eyes at Varsha. &quot;Congratulations Emma. It&apos;s a big step, and I&apos;m happy for you!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Thanks,&quot; said Emma, smiling. &quot;It means a lot. I told Renee and Ayane earlier, but it&#x2026; didn&apos;t go so well.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, yeah, we heard,&quot; said Varsha sympathetically. &quot;Ayane and Renee were talking about it when they got back. I can&apos;t say I don&apos;t share their views, honestly, but&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What Varsha means is we get where you&apos;re coming from and think you&apos;re not crazy,&quot; said Rebecca flatly, punching her girlfriend in the arm. &quot;Jeez, Varsha, be better at social interaction.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, ow!&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled at them. &quot;It&apos;s fine,&quot; she said. &quot;It&apos;s just nice to know that somebody gets where I&apos;m coming from.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well we&apos;ve known people who are religious,&quot; said Rebecca. &quot;The colonies have a lot of them, you know. I&apos;m good friends with a few, actually.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m not&#x2026;&quot; said Varsha, rubbing her arm.</p><p>Rebecca thumped Varsha in the shoulder again.</p><p>&quot;Ow!&quot;</p><p>&quot;So what were you two doing before I showed up?&quot; asked Emma, hiding her smile at Varsha&apos;s pained expression. Totally whipped, that girl.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ve got a mission down by South Metro,&quot; said Rebecca, sobering quickly. With a gesture, she flicked the map she and Varsha had been examining back into view. &quot;I&apos;m supporting MagOps Team 9 to gather intel on enemy logistical dispositions. You know the squid still haven&apos;t restarted the attack? It&apos;s just skirmishes right now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s been, what, a day already?&quot; asked Emma, raising an eyebrow. &quot;They usually react faster than this. What&apos;s happened?&quot;</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ve no idea,&quot; said Varsha. She traced out the space battle overtop of the ground battle. &quot;The squid fleet&apos;s pulled out of position though, here and here. They&apos;re still able to cover orbital bombardment, but they&apos;ve grouped more defensively to cover the rear.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Logistical difficulties then,&quot; said Emma, frowning. She pulled the map so that it zoomed out and looked at the supply line, stretching from the plains in the center of the continent and spreading out to maintain contact with all squid forces. &quot;Show me the plots across the last four days.&quot;</p><p>Emma&apos;s TacComp overlaid the plots in sequence. The supply chain started out moving in relatively straight lines, with consideration to any terrain changes. On day three, however, offshoots began to appear.</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s odd,&quot; said Emma, pointing out an offshoot in the region of the aerodome, several kilometers west. &quot;Look, there&apos;s no reason to send a line out to that area. It sort of stops too. Can we get images of that area?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Can you wait until later?&quot; asked Rebecca. &quot;Mission. I have one. Remember?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, right, sorry,&quot; said Emma. She pushed the map to the side, saving it into her memory for later. Rebecca&apos;s map for her mission reappeared.</p><p>&quot;Right, so I&apos;m moving with Team 9, they&apos;re called the Teenage Scare, by the way&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What a terrible name.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2014;I know right? Anyway, we&apos;re going pretty deep into the enemy&apos;s rear. We were looking at escape routes, in case things went ugly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah,&quot; said Emma. She winced. Being at the back of the enemy line was very counterproductive to that sort of thing. And on top of that: &quot;It&#x2026; seems kinda early for you,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I mean, you&apos;re good, but MagOps teams are just so much better than us.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I dunno, I guess I&apos;m flattered?&quot; said Rebecca. She twisted the sheets under her hands. &quot;I&apos;m nervous too, of course, but either there&apos;s literally no one else or I&apos;m a lot better than I thought I was.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No way you&apos;re the last mind controller in Helsinberg,&quot; said Emma, shaking her head. &quot;You guys get the easy jobs and don&apos;t&#x2014; ack!&quot;</p><p>Emma ducked, laughing, as Rebecca took a swing at her. &quot;Shut up, we do not!&quot; protested Rebecca, grinning. &quot;Just &apos;cause we&apos;re more important than you AOE fighters doesn&apos;t mean you get to be jealous, Emma.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Who says I&apos;m jealous?&quot; asked Emma primly. &quot;I don&apos;t need validation.&quot;</p><p>Rebecca stuck her tongue at Emma. They all laughed. It was a much needed drop in tension.</p><p>&quot;You&apos;ll be fine,&quot; said Emma confidently, getting up to go. &quot;Besides, you&apos;ve got Varsha to get back to, right?&quot;</p><p>Rebecca blinked at Emma, before flushing bashfully. &quot;Well&#x2026; yes.&quot;</p><p>Varsha covered Rebecca&apos;s hand with her own, bumping their heads together. &quot;I&apos;ll be waiting for you,&quot; she said. &quot;Come back safe, &apos;kay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mmm,&quot; said Rebecca, leaning against Varsha, hiding her face in Varsha&apos;s hair.</p><p>&quot;Hey, what are you embarrassed about?&quot; asked Emma, raising an eyebrow. &quot;Aren&apos;t you supposed to be the open one in this relationship?&quot;</p><p>&quot;D-don&apos;t make it into a thing like that,&quot; said Rebecca, still hiding. &quot;You make me think too much about it and I get embarrassed.&quot;</p><p>Emma looked at Varsha, who shrugged minutely.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll just be going then,&quot; said Emma. &quot;See you later.&quot;</p><p>Varsha and Rebecca waved. The door clunked shut behind Emma. She walked to her door, pausing in front of Tracy&apos;s vacant room briefly on the way.</p><p>Emma lay down on her bed and stared at the ceiling. It really had only been a few days since she&apos;d landed on Samsara. Two days of fighting, another day of hiking, and a day of recuperation. It felt like months had passed. Maybe it was the time dilation that came with combat. Psychological fatigue, too, from the stress. It was a good time for that nap she&apos;d been planning on. One last thing to do before that though.</p><p>The long distance vid call took a moment to authenticate. Emma hurried double checked the time on Earth. Ah, good. Anna was out of class.</p><p>&quot;Emma!&quot; said Anna excitedly. &quot;Oh it&apos;s so good to see you! How is everything?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s fine,&quot; said Emma, grinning. It could be odd, being a twin. Anna&apos;s facial structure was so close to Emma&apos;s that people would have gotten them mixed up without nomenclators. But the little differences stood out. Anna&apos;s nose crooked a little differently, and her eyes were a little more sharply formed than Emma&apos;s. It was like looking in a mirror except not. &quot;How are things at home?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, it&apos;s been alright,&quot; said Anna, yawning. &quot;Guh. That assignment I was working on was due today. Stayed up all night working on it, only got like half an hour of sleep.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Jeez, you okay then?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, it&apos;s nothing we haven&apos;t done before,&quot; said Anna, waving it off. &quot;Remember?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yeah, that was a great experience,&quot; said Emma, rolling her eyes. &quot;Totally worth the grade we got too.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, Professor Spellmeyer was&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;An ass?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I wouldn&apos;t put it that way, precisely, but something of that nature, yes,&quot; said Anna, looking to the side.</p><p>&quot;But well, if you&apos;re okay, I guess try to get some extra sleep tonight,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Or just don&apos;t show up to class, that&apos;s always a plan.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Emma, only you skive off class to go napping,&quot; said Anna, giggling. &quot;There was always rampant speculation when you and anyone else would go missing at the same time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh Goddess, don&apos;t even remind me,&quot; groaned Emma, covering her eyes. &quot;You know it&apos;s happened again here? I fall asleep with a girl this one time in the hospital&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Anna&apos;s eyebrows shot into her hairline. &quot;What? That&apos;s kind of fast, isn&apos;t it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Dammit, Anna, not you too!&quot;</p><p>&quot;But really, what did you expect?&quot; asked Anna. &quot;Come on, Emma, you <em>slept</em> with her.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not like that!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well of course not, you were in a hospital, but even so&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, I meant I literally accidentally fell asleep,&quot; said Emma exasperatedly. &quot;She needed a hug, and medical had drugged me pretty heavily. That&apos;s all.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;that would require some very intense drugs,&quot; said Anna with mild dubiousness. &quot;But I&apos;m not familiar with military medicine, so if you&apos;re sure&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, I&apos;m sure,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Look, you can even meet the girl if you really bloody want to. She&apos;ll tell you the same thing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure, that would be nice,&quot; said Anna. &quot;Do I know her already?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ve told you about Ayane, haven&apos;t I?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;We met during orientation.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I think so,&quot; said Anna. &quot;Um&#x2026; Japanese, flying mage?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, that&apos;s right,&quot; said Emma. She sent an image of Ayane from one of the sims, transformed and getting ready to jump into the air. Her cloak and hair rippled around her as the magic built up, crackles of amber flickering in the air. &quot;That&apos;s her.&quot;</p><p>Anna looked at the image for a moment, her eyes flicking to the left. &quot;I see&#x2026; she&apos;s cute.&quot;</p><p>Emma gave Anna a very flat look.</p><p>&quot;Sorry, sorry,&quot; said Anna, smiling and filing the image away. &quot;Anyway, that sort of thing aside, what else is new?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well&#x2026;&quot; Emma hedged, considering what had happened and how much she should talk about. &quot;&#x2026;It&apos;s been&#x2026; rough, I guess, but nothing I couldn&apos;t handle.&quot;</p><p>Anna narrowed her eyes. &quot;You&apos;re hiding something.&quot;</p><p>Dammit. &quot;Well yeah, but I don&apos;t want to worry you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;You hiding things from me worries me,&quot; said Anna. &quot;Just tell me how things are going, Emma, please.&quot;</p><p>Emma grimaced and stood up to pace in the narrow space, thinking over what she might say. It would be a horrendously bad plan to tell Anna directly that she&apos;d almost died. In fact, telling her about the situation in any detail was inviting a massively worried and upset reaction that Emma neither wanted to cause nor deal with. On top of that, since the battle was still on going, there were issues with what could be released, for PR reasons.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s been&#x2026; been&#x2026; problematic,&quot; Emma eventually managed. &quot;We&apos;re not supposed to talk too much, since the situation&apos;s still evolving, so I can&apos;t tell you everything.&quot;</p><p>Anna&apos;s brow wrinkled unhappily. &quot;Have you been staying safe, at least?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ve been trying,&quot; said Emma placatingly. &quot;It hasn&apos;t been easy, but I&apos;ve been doing my best.&quot;</p><p>Anna looked at Emma with a small frown, and sighed. Her head tilted slightly to one side, letting some of her bangs fall across her eyes. She looked down at the ground, biting her lip, and rocked back and forth twice.</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I&apos;m sorry, Anna,&quot; said Emma guiltily. &quot;I know you worry about me, but I have to do what&apos;s&#x2026; what&apos;s required, on the field.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I know, I know, but it&apos;s really difficult,&quot; said Anna. She didn&apos;t look up at Emma. &quot;I just wish that you didn&apos;t have to fight in a war, if you contracted.&quot;</p><p>Emma chuckled grimly. &quot;Yeah, well, I have an Incubator handy, so if you want to give it a shot&#x2026;.&quot;</p><p>Anna shook her head. &quot;No. I&#x2026; I would, but I&apos;d wish for something that would involve you, and I don&apos;t want to mess up your life any more than it already is.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;Well look, you shouldn&apos;t contract period,&quot; said Emma, blinking rapidly. &quot;I don&apos;t want you in the line of fire.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well that&apos;s easy for you to say!&quot; said Anna hotly. &quot;You&apos;re not sitting around hoping your sister doesn&apos;t get killed, light years away from you!&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s totally irrelevant&#x2014;!&quot;</p><p>&quot;It isn&apos;t!&quot; said Anna, blinking away tears. &quot;It&apos;s not irrelevant! You know what&apos;s happening and can deal with it! Me, I&apos;m sitting here without a clue!&quot;</p><p>Emma opened her mouth to retort, then snapped it shut and looked away. Goddess damn it, this was not how this was supposed to go. This was supposed to be a happy call. Emma was supposed to catch up on Anna&apos;s life, tell her about the Cult, and they&apos;d all move on. Yelling at each other was not supposed to be in the equation.</p><p>&quot;Look, I&apos;m sorry for being&#x2026; insensitive, and stuff,&quot; sighed Emma. &quot;I just wanted to see you, is all. It&apos;s been a while.&quot;</p><p>Anna was quiet, wiping her eyes, before replying. &quot;&#x2026;Yes, it has.&quot;</p><p>&quot;And um&#x2026; and I wanted to tell you about something else.&quot;</p><p>Anna looked up at Emma, swallowing. &quot;What is it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; I joined a religion,&quot; said Emma, licking her lips. &quot;I went to the chapel of the Cult of Hope a few hours ago, and I thought you would want to know.&quot;</p><p>Anna blinked at her. &quot;&#x2026;What? You&#x2026; you joined a cult? Wha&#x2014; why?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Not &apos;a&apos; cult, &apos;the&apos; Cult,&quot; emphasized Emma. &quot;The Cult of Hope. It&apos;s a magical girl religion. I&#x2026; I had an&#x2026; experience, in the field, a couple of days ago.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What kind of an experience?&quot; asked Anna.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m&#x2026; not sure I should say,&quot; said Emma. Anna would absolutely react badly to any details.</p><p>&quot;Why not?&quot; asked Anna, temper flaring again. &quot;Why do you have to hide <em>this</em> from me as well?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s just because of policy,&quot; said Emma quickly. &quot;I would tell you if I could, but it&apos;s an evolving situation and I&apos;m not supposed to talk about it. I&apos;m sorry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;and this&#x2026; experience, convinced you to join a religion?&quot; asked Anna, raising an eyebrow. &quot;You&apos;re the least philosophical person I know, Emma. What could have possibly convinced you?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2014; that&apos;s not fair,&quot; said Emma, frowning. &quot;I&apos;m not philosophical, but you don&apos;t need a philosophical argument to convince someone of the existence of the Goddess. You just need empirical evidence.&quot;</p><p>&quot;So you saw a supernatural being.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;How?&quot;</p><p>Emma frowned. &quot;I&apos;ve just told you I can&apos;t tell you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s completely ridiculous!&quot; said Anna. &quot;That&apos;s not even part of the military!&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s related to&#x2014;!&quot;</p><p>&quot;It is not related to combat and you know it!&quot; Anna fired back. &quot;Damn it, Emma! When did you start cutting me out of your life?!&quot;</p><p>Emma reeled. &quot;I am not cutting you out of my life!&quot; she yelled. &quot;Do you want to hear every detail about what I do now?! How much it scares me, how much I&apos;ve had to fight to survive?!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Just tell me something more than &apos;it&apos;s classified&apos;!&quot; Anna shouted. &quot;I need to know&#x2014;!&quot;</p><p>&quot;I almost died, alright?&quot; Emma asked angrily. She ignored Anna&apos;s shocked gasp. &quot;I found my platoon, and they were dead, and I despaired and nearly had my gem go out. That&apos;s what&apos;s happened to me, okay? And I lived, and I saw the Goddess when I was dying, and that&apos;s why I joined the Cult.&quot;</p><p>Anna&apos;s hands were clasped to her mouth, tears tumbling down from her eyes and across her hands. Emma blinked, rapidly increasing horror cascading as she realized what she&apos;d just said.</p><p>&quot;Oh Goddess, Anna, I&apos;m sorry I didn&apos;t mean&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I have to go,&quot; said Anna shakily, rubbing at her eyes. &quot;I&apos;m sorry, Emma, but I have to&#x2014; I can&apos;t&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Anna, no, please, I&apos;m sorry, wait&#x2014;!&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll&#x2014; I&apos;ll talk to you later,&quot; said Anna.</p><p>The line closed.</p><p>&quot;Anna!&quot; Emma shouted desperately, immediately rekeying the call. It came back refused. &quot;Damn it!&quot;</p><p>She turned to her right, stepped once, and aimed a kick into the wall. It hit with a loud thud and a crack, making Emma sit down heavily, cursing as she cradled her foot. She&apos;d forgotten to reinforce her foot with magic, and it sounded like she&apos;d cracked the bone.</p><p>This was not supposed to happen. Emma had thought that Anna would be alright. That she would understand what was happening, the things that Emma was doing. That she was seeing things that nobody her age ought to see, and that it was dangerous and risky and yes, Emma could very well die. Anna had always been good at this. Being empathetic and understanding other people. Why not now? Why, when Emma needed support from Anna the most, did she suddenly no longer get it?</p><p>Emma&apos;s door slid open.</p><p>&quot;Emma?&quot; asked Ayane, stepping into the room. &quot;Are you alright? I heard something hit my wall&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Y-yeah,&quot; said Emma, sniffing. &quot;I-I&apos;m fine. I j-just needed to b-blow off some steam. Forgot to reinforce my f-foot. Stupid.&quot;</p><p>Ayane closed the door behind her, then slowly stepped closer to Emma and sat down. The room was small enough that the two of them on the floor was slightly cramped.</p><p>&quot;Did&#x2026; you get some bad news?&quot; asked Ayane.</p><p>Emma shook her head. &quot;I c-called Anna. We&#x2026; talked.&quot;</p><p>Ayane blinked at this. &quot;That&apos;s&#x2026; good, isn&apos;t it?&quot;</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s supposed to be,&quot; said Emma. &quot;She&#x2026; she&apos;s really worried about me.&quot;</p><p>&quot;And?&quot;</p><p>&quot;And she doesn&apos;t get it,&quot; Emma said with a low laugh, letting herself fall backwards onto the floor. She was crying. &quot;She has no idea what&apos;s happening, and I can&apos;t tell her or she&apos;ll just get worse. What am I supposed to do?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, Emma,&quot; sighed Ayane. She pulled Emma back up and into a hug.</p><p>&quot;What am I supposed to do, Ayane?&quot; Emma repeated, voice hollow.</p><p>Ayane sighed again.</p><p>&quot;I don&apos;t know.&quot;</p><hr/><p>The waiting room of the medical bay Tracy was being revived in was low-vaulted and circular. Lamps had been recessed down the length of the pillars that supported the ceiling, their light a slowly shifting array of blues and purples and greens rendered pale against the white walls. Chairs with black cushions were arranged in neat rows within the center, and a drinks dispenser stood in the back. It had a holographic label beneath, informing users that alcoholic beverages were not installed on this device, due to limits imposed by the Surgeon General&apos;s Office and the Mental Health Division.</p><p>Emma sat alone, facing the entrance, elbows braced against her knees and a cup of water in her hands. She took a sip. It was still fairly cold, due to the insulating qualities of the cup. She would have preferred alcohol, but circumstances conspired against her.</p><p>She pulled up her deployment orders to look over them again. Agapita had failed to mention that Hinata Shizuki was garrison commander of Helsinberg&apos;s magical girl compliment and the military units stationed there. Emma was to report in to her, but not for a combat mission as had been previously planned. Her conversation with Anna was affecting her mood, and the MHD was just worried enough to want her to spend some time hunting demons before going back into combat. It was a reasonable order, honestly, but she would have preferred to deal with things by blowing something up. By now, everything had knotted into a ball of frustration, and what more cathartic way to deal with that than to smash and destroy? Then again, that was probably the issue.</p><p>This wasn&apos;t the time for such thoughts though. Despite their reservations about her immediate combat readiness, the MHD had determined that it was perfectly reasonable for her to be at Tracy&apos;s reawakening. She&apos;d been the last person Tracy had seen, after all. A review of Emma&apos;s memory on the event made it seem unlikely that Tracy would remember that Emma had pulled the trigger on her.</p><p>The door to Emma&apos;s left opened. A magical girl wearing a lab coat over her costume stood outlined in the bright lighting of the medical bay.</p><p>&quot;Emma, we&apos;re ready to begin,&quot; said the girl. Emma&apos;s nomenclator labeled her as Nikol Kardos. &quot;If you&apos;d follow me.&quot;</p><p>Emma stood and followed Nikol into the decontamination chamber. The polyglass walls gave her a good view of the medical bay&apos;s layout, or at least those areas that had not been rendered opaque for privacy reasons. It was a sharp contrast to the waiting room, the hallways clean and brightly lit.</p><p>&quot;So, what&apos;s this going to be like?&quot; asked Emma as the sanitation process began.</p><p>&quot;We&apos;ll take care of most of it, but you&apos;ll be her first touchstone,&quot; said Nikol. Her costume, a strangely feathery affair, fluttered as the drones made their way up her body. &quot;That means you&apos;ll be her first psychological anchor after awaking. We&apos;ll need you to be ready for when she wakes up.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Do you know how she&apos;s going to wake?&quot; asked Emma, swallowing quietly. That wasn&apos;t a big responsibility at all.</p><p>&quot;Probably violently, in all honesty,&quot; said Nikol. &quot;Her last memory will have been being in combat, so her combat instincts will probably fire instantly. Her TacComp will help some, but we&apos;ve seen girls over-ride the TacComps in these scenarios.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded, biting her lip. This would be tricky.</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s some magic tricks I know that will help,&quot; added Nikol, leading the way towards Tracy&apos;s room. &quot;And of course, the technicians will be present to do what mundane things they can.&quot;</p><p>Emma transformed as she walked. &quot;You&apos;ve done this a lot then.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, I&apos;d only been contracted for a month or so when the first reawakenings started being performed,&quot; said Nikol. She glanced over at Emma, grinning in amusement. &quot;You hadn&apos;t even been born, you know.&quot;</p><p>Emma rolled her eyes. She&apos;d started getting used to girls who looked her age being much, much older. &quot;Yeah, yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Anyway, we&apos;re here,&quot; said Nikol. She gestured for Emma to enter the polyglass cube.</p><p>Tracy&apos;s body lay on the examination table. A single white sheet was laid on top of it. Various lines and cables ran down into the base of the table, with a large bundle running out to a console where a technician was standing. He nodded at Emma as she entered. The only other person there was a doctor, there to ensure that everything went smoothly.</p><p>Emma didn&apos;t bother to nomenclate anyone else. She moved to stand next to the table. At first, the body didn&apos;t seem to be functional. It took a moment for Emma to realize that it was just breathing very slowly. Tracy&apos;s body was probably swimming in drugs.</p><p>The doctor lifted the sheet to double check the leads. &quot;Everything looks good here,&quot; he said, and turned to the technician. &quot;Everything green on your end?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes,&quot; said the technician. &quot;Ready to begin activation sequence.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Mrs. Kardos?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m ready,&quot; said Nikol, from where she was standing in the corner. She&apos;d shed her lab coat. A dim layer of aqua-colored magic hovered over her hands.</p><p>&quot;And how about yourself, Miss Sinclair?&quot; asked the doctor. &quot;I&apos;m sure Mrs. Kardos has briefed you on the situation?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded, licking her lips. &quot;She has.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Very good,&quot; said the doctor, nodding. &quot;We have decided to prep Ms. Geyeller while her body is till in a comatose state, to smooth the transition. Your role will be to provide support, should she react badly after passing through the sleep-like phase. Do you have any other questions before we begin?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No.&quot;</p><p>&quot;In that case, Renard, if you could please begin the activation sequence? Thank you.&quot;</p><p>It was a strange phrase, Emma thought as she waited. It was almost as if they were treating the body like a drone to be flipped on. As if it were a mechanical being that need only have a component added in order to be fully active. Then again, according to Senbey, there was some philosophical basis for that.</p><p>Tracy woke up slowly. Her body twitched once as the Renard brought her out of the induced coma and into a REM-like phase. Tears formed and trickled down her face.</p><p>&quot;She&apos;s only dreaming,&quot; said the doctor calmly as Emma looked at him in alarm. &quot;It&apos;s a good sign. It means that her gem has integrated well.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well wake her up!&quot; said Emma. Tracy whimpered in her sleep, pushing at the table with her hands as if trying to escape. The sheet covering her body constricted, clinging to the table and to Tracy&apos;s body to keep her from struggling too much. This only seemed to worsen her nightmare.</p><p>&quot;Finishing REM-phase sequence now,&quot; reported Renard. &quot;Bringing out of sleep in three, two, and&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>Tracy snapped awake with a gasp. Her TacComp paralyzed her muscles before she could jerk upright. It took a second for her to process what was happening, her eyes flicking across the room before focusing on Emma.</p><p>Emma grinned at Tracy. &quot;Hey there. How you feeling?&quot;</p><p>Tracy&apos;s expression flicked from shock to surprise to sheer joy in the span of a second. Then she practically leaped from the table, grabbing onto Emma with a happy shriek.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;m alive!&quot; Tracy shouted. &quot;I&apos;maliveI&apos;maliveI&apos;malive!&quot;</p><p>Emma laughed, hugging Tracy back. &quot;Told you so,&quot; she said. &quot;Welcome back, Tracy.&quot;</p><p>They stayed there for a moment, laughing together and celebrating Tracy&apos;s return from the dead. A feeling of lightness swept over Emma. Latent guilt she hadn&apos;t realized was pressing down on her now faded, leaving her with only sparkling happiness.</p><p>&quot;How are you though?&quot; asked Emma once their laughter had died down. Elation still made her grin stupidly as she stepped back a bit, holding Tracy by the shoulders. &quot;Can you sit up?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I think so,&quot; said Tracy. She braced her arms against the table. &quot;I feel kinda weird though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s normal, I think,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Did you get anything in training about body loss?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Kind of?&quot; said Tracy. &quot;They just told us that medical could, uh, restore us from gem. It was really vague.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well&#x2026; that&apos;s about everything I remember,&quot; said Emma sheepishly. They shared another moment of laughter. &quot;Other than that though?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Other than feeling weird, yeah, I feel good,&quot; said Tracy, grinning brightly. &quot;Did anything happen afterwards? The last thing I remember is you telling me I&apos;d be okay.&quot;</p><p>Emma sighed in relief. She didn&apos;t remember getting shot then. &quot;No, nothing for you to worry about. Everything went well, and we kicked ass.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Cool,&quot; said Tracy. She held up her hand, examining the line coming out of her wrist&apos;s access point. &quot;Jeez, I&apos;m all wired up like some sort of drone.&quot;</p><p>The doctor reappeared. &quot;We can take care of that now,&quot; he said. &quot;My name is Dr. Masozi Laevesque. All your diagnostics check out, Ms. Geyeller, so if you don&apos;t mind, we&apos;ll start unhooking you now.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, uh, sure,&quot; said Tracy.</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll wait outside,&quot; said Emma as Dr. Laevesque and Renard began to unhook the cables on Tracy&apos;s arms and back. &quot;They&apos;ve, uh, got some cables under the sheet, so I&apos;ll see you in a bit.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, right,&quot; said Tracy, flushing slightly but nodding. &quot;See you outside.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>