<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>9. Marching Orders</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>9. Marching Orders</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>With the leads removed, Tracy was able to get dressed. She received a pair of loose-fitting pants and a t-shirt from the military&apos;s apparently extensive store of teenager-sized clothing. The pants were colored &quot;jungle combat green&quot;, while the shirt was plain black. Unfortunately, there wasn&apos;t anything else available, something that had Tracy grumbling over telepathy as she changed behind the privacy screen, deployed from the ceiling.</p><p>Afterwards, Dr. Laevesque gave Tracy an hour-long examination via implant-diagnostics. Then he had Nikol guide Tracy through some basic magical girl exercises. It wasn&apos;t until both Laevesque and Nikol were fully satisfied that Tracy&apos;s soul gem had integrated with her new body that they had let her go, under the provision that she come back for a checkup tomorrow. Normally, the mage in question would have an R&amp;R period of several weeks, but they didn&apos;t have time for that now, so Tracy would be re-deploying as soon as she could.</p><p>&quot;At least they got my personal things moved,&quot; said Tracy as she and Emma landed at their rooms. &quot;I&apos;ve got a change or two of clothes in there.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, the military&apos;s efficient about that sort of thing,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Your room&apos;s over here.&quot;</p><p>Ayane was just leaving as the two walked around to Tracy&apos;s room.</p><p>&quot;Oh, hey there,&quot; said Ayane as she caught sight of them. &quot;You must be Tracy! Welcome back!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh, thank you,&quot; said Tracy, blinking. &quot;Um&#x2026; have we met?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, but there&apos;s only the one unoccupied room,&quot; said Ayane, nodding over her shoulder. &quot;That, and Emma&apos;s told us about you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, okay,&quot; said Tracy. &quot;Nice to meet you then, Ayane!&quot;</p><p>The two of them shook hands.</p><p>&quot;What&apos;re you up to, Ayane?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Mission,&quot; said Ayane, shrugging. &quot;Nothing complicated, just an air support patrol. Rebecca&apos;s mission got back last night, but they&apos;re sending out a SART patrol to confirm.&quot;</p><p>&quot;A what?&quot; asked Tracy.</p><p>&quot;Strategic Assault and Reconnaissance Troopers,&quot; explained Ayane. &quot;Human SpecOps. They do the jobs MagOps is too valuable to do.&quot;</p><p>Tracy grimaced. &quot;That&apos;s so dehumanizing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It is what it is, don&apos;t think about it too much,&quot; advised Emma. &quot;The military treats people like objects. It&apos;s best to think that way too, at least when you&apos;re on duty.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;In any case,&quot; said Ayane, cutting off any argument. &quot;It&apos;s sounding like there&apos;s going to be a push of some kind. Keep on your toes.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. Confirming recon by a MagOps team wasn&apos;t usually necessary unless you were about to act on that intel. &quot;I&apos;ll be doing demon patrol, so here&apos;s hoping they don&apos;t start anything too soon.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, yeah, you got an order change didn&apos;t you?&quot; asked Ayane sympathetically. &quot;Sorry about&#x2026; stuff.&quot;</p><p>Emma grimaced but waved the topic away. &quot;I&apos;m ignoring it until we get some more down time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wait, so you&apos;re leaving?&quot; asked Tracy, looking askance at Emma. &quot;I thought you were going to be around?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sorry,&quot; said Emma. &quot;I was actually supposed to report in this morning, but they gave me an extension to attend your reawakening.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Speaking of which, I need to get going,&quot; said Ayane, checking her chronometer with a small start. &quot;See you guys later.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bye.&quot;</p><p>Tracy and Emma waved as Ayane stepped into the elevator. Emma turned and walked to Tracy&apos;s door, opening it and waving at the inside.</p><p>&quot;Well, this is it&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked as Tracy wrapped her arms around Emma and hugged her tightly.</p><p>&quot;Um.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I don&apos;t want you to go,&quot; said Tracy. Her voice quavered slightly. &quot;I&#x2026; I&apos;m scared.&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked down at her again, then returned the hug. &quot;Jeez, Tracy,&quot; she said, patting Tracy on the back. &quot;When did you turn into such a wimp? Weren&apos;t you all eager a few days ago?&quot;</p><p>Tracy sniffed and laughed. &quot;Screw you Emma. &apos;M not a wimp.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah? Who&apos;s the girl getting all clingy then?&quot;</p><p>Tracy huffed and gave Emma a light shove. &quot;Ass.&quot;</p><p>They spent a moment chuckling, Tracy using the time to reign in her emotions. Both ignored the tears dotting the shoulder of Emma&apos;s hoodie.</p><p>&quot;Seriously though, you&apos;re going to be okay,&quot; said Emma. She patted Tracy on the shoulder. &quot;You can do this.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;thanks,&quot; said Tracy, looking down and rocking back on her heels. &quot;It&apos;s just&#x2026; I&apos;ve already screwed up badly enough to nearly get myself killed. I&#x2026; I don&apos;t want to&#x2026; to&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma shook her head. &quot;Hey. Look at me.&quot;</p><p>Slowly, Tracy looked back up at Emma.</p><p>&quot;You. Will. Be. Fine,&quot; said Emma slowly, enunciating each syllable. &quot;You&apos;ve got enough talent to charge into combat and survive long enough to get killed. And that&apos;s saying something.&quot;</p><p>&quot;The fuck does that mean?&quot;</p><p>&quot;There were a few girls in my training cohort that never made it onto the field in the sims,&quot; said Emma seriously. &quot;They just got blasted immediately.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Then why didn&apos;t I&#x2014;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Because you&apos;ve got some idea of what&apos;s going on,&quot; said Emma, standing back. &quot;New girls will be new, but all things considered, you did well. Spend a few days resting up, then get back into the sims, and you&apos;ll have nothing to be worried about.&quot;</p><p>Tracy looked at Emma for a long moment, biting her lip, then nodded. &quot;Alright. I&apos;ll, um, I&apos;ll look up something to read while I wait.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Good idea. They&apos;ll probably put you on demon patrol afterwards. Did you get any training on demon containment?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, they saved that for the younger girls,&quot; said Tracy. &quot;There&apos;s a text file on it though, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yup. I&apos;d give that a read.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll look it up,&quot; said Tracy. She nodded, more confidently this time. &quot;I&apos;ll figure something out, don&apos;t worry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I believe in you,&quot; said Emma. She gave Tracy another smile and pat on the shoulder, then headed for her room to grab her armor and backpack. &quot;See you later, Tracy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Bye Emma,&quot; said Tracy. She leaned against the side of her door, watching Emma walk away. &quot;See you later.&quot;</p><hr/><p>Emma seemed to be making a habit of being early to her appointments these days. Since she had been needed for Tracy&apos;s reawakening, Emma&apos;s deployment had been rescheduled to 1100 hours, but she was twenty minutes early. She wasn&apos;t entirely sure why, especially given the sheer number of times she&apos;d skipped class in Mitakihara. Then again, maybe she was just reverting to type, since she did recall being very punctual to football events. Her backpack and combat gear had been sent to the relevant bunker by drone.</p><p>Specifically, Emma was set to get a briefing and assignment from Hinata in Bunker 1-East. It was a good choice of command post, since it&apos;s location in the rear and near the Trichonopoly MetroRail Station, a major hub for transport into uncontested territory, allowed Hinata to keep them mostly out of harm&apos;s way and easily evacuated if necessary.</p><p>By default, all magical girls stationed in an area were considered part of the area&apos;s Daemon-veneuer, French for &quot;demon hunter&quot;, Units. For those above the age of thirteen, participation in DV activities depended on whether or not it was a high priority for them. Normal mages like Emma usually cycled in and out of active DV status. Conversely, all of the city&apos;s youngest contractees were automatically assigned to the garrison as members of the DVU, and were moved out of DVU only if necessary.</p><p>The invasion had caused a surge in contracts across the entire population of Samsara. Emma had no idea why that was the case (it was a potential topic for Senbey when it decided to appear again) but the end result was a rather large glut of young mages in the city. Keeping them safe and alive until they could get more training and experience was Hinata&apos;s responsibility.</p><p>Emma sighed. The command post was some odd combination of extremely busy and absurdly quiet. The vast majority of the work being done within the structure was either computing work or automated, which resulted in a great many drones scurrying around in a quiet electrical hum. The only actual people there were Hinata&apos;s immediate staff and anyone who, like Emma, was getting briefed on a mission.</p><p>Someone sat down in the seat next to Emma. She glanced over and saw a boy her age, looking cheerful enough that he was probably committing a crime from sheer over-enthusiasm.</p><p>Wait, a boy?</p><p>Emma did a double take. The boy wore, loose, khaki, multi-pocketed trousers and a button-down shirt with the sleeves rolled up. A knapsack sat on the floor beside his booted feet. His hair was a sandy brown, parted neatly to the right, and he had dark brown eyes.</p><p>Sensing that someone was watching him, the boy looked over at her, then raised a quizzical eyebrow. &quot;Uh, hi?&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;You&apos;re a boy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;What are you doing here?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ve got a briefing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What, at 1100?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>Emma squinted at him in confusion. The boy responded by raising his other eyebrow and leaning away from her. At this point, Emma&apos;s TacComp helpfully ran the nomenclator results across her vision.</p><p>The boy&apos;s given name was &quot;Ryouta&quot;. His family name was &quot;Shizuki.&quot; This sounded familiar, and Emma&apos;s TacComp quickly supplied a factoid from Emma&apos;s conversation with Agapita. Ryouta was Hinata&apos;s second son, and apparently currently employed by&#x2014;</p><p>&quot;Governance Public Media?&quot; Emma asked. &quot;You&apos;re kind of young to be a War Correspondent.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Photojournalist,&quot; corrected Ryouta. &quot;There&apos;s a difference. War Correspondents write the stories and arrange interviews and stuff. I&apos;m just here to take stills.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uhh, I don&apos;t mean to be insensitive, but can&apos;t they get a drone for that?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;It&apos;d probably be easier and cheaper.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Sure, but you can also get synthesized food,&quot; said Ryouta. He seemed to puff up slightly. &quot;My job&apos;s not just to get the right exposure and stuff, it&apos;s also to try to tell the story, as it is, in images. It&apos;s more than just getting a bunch of photos.&quot;</p><p>Emma wrinkled her brow. &quot;I&#x2026; guess. I was never really big into journalism or stuff like that, so sorry if I&apos;m kind of dubious.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta sighed and rolled his eyes. &quot;Nobody really gets photography anymore. Oooh look, perfect lenses, you&apos;re all so outdated. Pff.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; didn&apos;t mean that,&quot; said Emma, slightly taken aback by Ryouta&apos;s level of annoyance. &quot;It&apos;s uh, just that, I mean, uh&#x2026;&quot; Emma was left in the awkward position of actually having the stated opinion. Damn. &quot;Um&#x2026; why don&apos;t you show me some stills you&apos;ve taken then? I&apos;d like to see some.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta gave her another skeptical look.</p><p>&quot;Seriously!&quot; encouraged Emma. &quot;Think of it as&#x2026; proving me wrong. Or something. Not that I think you&apos;re wrong.&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;well alright,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;Let me show you something I did on the City.&quot;</p><p>It took a moment for Ryouta to get things set up. Civilians didn&apos;t have the ability to swap files directly like the military did, so he had to use an app, called Showcase, to let Emma see his work.</p><p>&quot;Here, take a look,&quot; said Ryouta. He handed an instance of the app off to Emma in the form of a glowing sphere.</p><p>Emma took it and accessed it through her retinal interface. At first, it looked like a shot of a granite floor, but then&#x2014; &quot;Whoa.&quot;</p><p>The first image was a panoramic shot from the top of one of Helsinberg&apos;s penthouse suites.</p><p>Rendered as if it were laid on the inside of a sphere, the image had been taken with a long exposure time. Each building stood monolithic in the night, Samsara&apos;s moon full enough to cast the city in a dim haze resembling dust or fog. Sporadic lit windows shone like lighthouse beacons or, perhaps, like soul gems from within a miasma: bright lights that promised hope and salvation, for when despair hung heavy and no escape was in sight.</p><p>Great sheets of flame leaped up the sides of the monoliths from the burning streets, grasping at the gems that glowed in their stone and metal settings, trying to pull them down and consume them, as if those sparks of light were undeserving of their place.</p><p>And yet, in the same motion, these flames cast each point of light up into the night sky. Free to soar higher and higher into the darkness and shine on their own, bright and beautiful and, in the frozen moment of the photograph, everlasting.</p><p>As she looked around, Emma felt like she was perhaps, for the first time in her life, able to reach the stars.</p><p>A moment of breathlessness, uncomprehending, and then Emma was able to grasp herself again and close the presentation to look at Ryouta.</p><p>&quot;That was amazing,&quot; she said. &quot;That was&#x2026; that was completely amazing.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta blinked, slightly taken aback. &quot;Uh, thank you.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I can&apos;t&#x2014; I&apos;m so&#x2014; How did you do that?&quot; asked Emma, still somewhat stunned.</p><p>&quot;I mean, it&apos;s just a basic panorama,&quot; said Ryouta, beginning to look embarrassed, if pleased. &quot;I toggled with the exposure, but honestly, it&apos;s just finding the right place at the right time.&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s it? But how do you know what&apos;s the right place?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well, a lot of it is just good guesswork,&quot; said Ryouta. He shrugged. &quot;I&apos;m not the best at this, of course, but talent and experience lets you judge where and when and how.&quot;</p><p>&quot;So that&apos;s why you need a human then, right?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, exactly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wow.&quot;</p><p>A brief, somewhat awkward, pause followed. Emma blinked down at the floor, lost in thought, while Ryouta did something similar, basking in the praise.</p><p>&quot;Can I keep this?&quot; Emma eventually asked. &quot;I mean, I can transfer you allocs or something, but I&apos;d like to have a copy.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Keep it, it&apos;s fine,&quot; said Ryouta, smiling at her. &quot;I&apos;d normally charge you, but, well&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well look, how much does it&#x2014;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, honestly, it&apos;s fine, don&apos;t worry about the cost,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;Not a lot of people can appreciate good photography these days, especially with retinal stills and all that. Call it a thank you gift, for understanding.&quot;</p><p>Emma blinked at him. &quot;But&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>&quot;No buts, just take it,&quot; said Ryouta firmly. He sat back and fiddled with his sleeves, looking pleased. Just a bit of a blush, and a small smile that quirked to one side a bit more than the other.</p><p>&quot;I&#x2026; alright then,&quot; said Emma, tucking the image away. &quot;But for the record, I owe you lunch or something.&quot;</p><p>&quot;If it makes you feel better,&quot; said Ryouta, rolling his eyes.</p><p>They lapsed into silence.</p><p>&quot;Hey Ryouta?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why aren&apos;t you back in the evac zone?&quot; asked Emma. &quot;You&apos;re a civilian, after all. Why stick around and get shot at?&quot;</p><p>&quot;&#x2026;Honestly, I don&apos;t know,&quot; said Ryouta. He scratched his nose thoughtfully. &quot;I guess growing up in a matriarchy, you get this feeling that you can still do something, even if you&apos;re young. Or that you should, you know?&quot;</p><p>&quot;But even so, you still can&apos;t contract,&quot; said Emma, confused.</p><p>&quot;Well yeah, but I&apos;ve also got like twelve cousins, and one of them contracted a few years ago,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;And every female I know is either a mage or close relative to a mage, and Sayaka-chan, our matriarch, comes over like every other year.&quot;</p><p>&quot;It kinda sounds like that would just make it worse.&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, see, it&apos;s like&#x2026;&quot; Ryouta paused, trying to put it into words. &quot;It&apos;s just more validation that you don&apos;t have to be crazy old to make a difference. And it&apos;s not like I can&apos;t do something epic just &apos;cause I&apos;m male. It just takes longer, and I guess since I can take photos, I decided that that&apos;s how I&apos;d try to make a difference.&quot;</p><p>Emma leaned back in her chair consideringly. &quot;Hm&#x2026; that&apos;s interesting.&quot; She looked over at him. &quot;You know, I was expecting you to be kind of stuffy. I had a Shizuki in my cohort that was like that. Nice enough, but too &apos;proper&apos;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, yeah, that happens, sorry,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;Some of my family members will do that.&quot; He leaned closer to speak in a whisper. &quot;For what it&apos;s worth, I&apos;m a little worried about your friend, Ami. Nii-san can be very uptight.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, so it&apos;s true, they&apos;re married?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;No, no, there&apos;s only plans,&quot; said Ryouta, shaking his head. &quot;Nothing&apos;s finalized, especially since this happened.&quot; He gestured at the bunker. &quot;Rumors are crazy sometimes.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, that&apos;s true,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>An extended silence descended. It was not awkward.</p><p>The sound of approaching footsteps shifted their attention to the doorway. From what Emma could hear, they were too light to be adults. Magical girls then, and it sounded like there were at least two, maybe three or four, of them. No doubt coming for a briefing, but the next one was Emma&apos;s.</p><p>Three girls stepped into the room. The first was Magdalena Baatori, a captain from the local garrison and who had remained with the DV to help coordinate and train the newest contractees. Her costume was primarily a deep-indigo, with long sleeves and a fish-scale pattern in gold thread going up its length.</p><p>Behind her came Vira Cheung and Motya Schoonenberg, both still assigned to the garrison&apos;s DV unit. Vira wore cargo pants, metal-capped boots, and protective gloves that seemed, perhaps, slightly out of date, rather than distinctly magical. The only unusual thing was that she seemed to be wearing a wetsuit underneath her clothes, and that the pants had been bound tightly around her calves.</p><p>Motya&apos;s costume was more classically typical of magical girls. She had knee length shorts, black with red pinstripes, and a matching sleeveless coat with a deep &quot;V&quot; cut into the tail. Under the coat was a dress shirt and shimmering red necktie. Dress shoes were, of course, the remaining component to the costume.</p><p>Well, no sense being impolite. &quot;Good afternoon,&quot; greeted Emma.</p><p>&quot;Hello,&quot; said Magdalena. &quot;Those seats aren&apos;t taken?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, it&apos;s just been us two for the last few minutes,&quot; said Emma. &quot;What&apos;re you guys here for?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Vira and Motya just turned thirteen,&quot; said Magadalena, coming to stop in front of Emma and Ryouta. &quot;They&apos;re getting their first assignment out to the line today.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, I see,&quot; said Emma. She blinked, then raised an eyebrow. &quot;That seems&#x2026; kind of fast.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well we&apos;d like to keep them back longer,&quot; admitted Magdalena. &quot;But you know, the war.&quot;</p><p>Emma winced. You couldn&apos;t honestly say that someone who&apos;d just turned thirteen was mature enough, without extensive training at least, to really handle combat. For that matter, you couldn&apos;t honestly say that anyone was mature enough for combat until they&apos;d been through training. But the training program at least made for a softer landing than being sent directly into combat.</p><p>&quot;So you guys are here for your assignments then?&quot; asked Emma, turning her attention to Vira and Motya. They hovered awkwardly in front of the chairs and nodded silently.</p><p>An awkward silence descended. Vira and Motya were both clearly nervous, unsure about what was about to happen. The military didn&apos;t tell you much, just to report to someone at some time, who would then tell you to go to some other place to do something that may or may not get you killed. Emma was rather used to this by now, her time in the sims giving her plenty of experience going into something with very little knowledge of what was going to happen.</p><p>The door to Hinata&apos;s office opened. A pair of warrant officers stepped out of it, saluting as they walked past. Emma and Magadalena returned the salute. Vira and Motya flinched, but didn&apos;t realize what was happening until the officers had already left.</p><p>&quot;Magdalena Baatori, Vira Chueng, Motya Schoonenberg, Ryouta Shizuki, Emma Sinclair?&quot; recited Hinata&apos;s aide-de-camp. &quot;The general is ready for you.&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya visibly stiffened. Emma could literally smell nervousness on them as she stood up.</p><p>&quot;Hey, you know, I forgot to ask,&quot; said Emma, turning to Ryouta. &quot;Why are you here exactly?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, I&apos;m doing a story on integrating new magical girls into the combat force,&quot; said Ryouta. He picked up his knapsack and slung it onto his shoulder. &quot;Nothing terribly complicated, good for new talent, etc.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ah, right, that makes&#x2014; wait,&quot; said Emma, coming up short. &quot;Wait wait wait, you said integrating new magical girls?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes?&quot;</p><p>Emma squinted at him, then turned to Vira and Motya, then back to Ryouta. &quot;&#x2026;Ryouta these are new magical girls. We&apos;re all going into the same briefing.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta paused, then did a double take.</p><p>&quot;Wait so, I&apos;m going to be working with them.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right, exactly.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Then if you&apos;re here, that means you have to be involved as well,&quot; said Ryouta.</p><p>Emma frowned at this, but turned back to continue walking. Magdalena was still going to be needed to run the local DVU. That left Emma as the most experienced mage that would be deploying. And if they were all in the same briefing, that meant that Emma was deploying to the same position as the new girls. But Emma was definitely supposed to be doing demon patrol this deployment, and given the bottling-effect of the mountains around the Kolasi Caldera, the battle wasn&apos;t going nearly badly enough to start sending barely-experienced mages into combat.</p><p>What the hell was going on?</p><p>&quot;Ladies and gentleman, have a seat,&quot; said Hinata as they entered, looking rather stressed out. She had taken the form of a particularly short twelve year old, dressed in a long-sleeved kimono gown that trailed behind her and was cut off at mid thigh. Dark colored trousers and thick-soled sandals protected her legs. &quot;Everyone is here, Lieutenant?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes sir.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Excellent,&quot; said Hinata. &quot;In that case let&apos;s begin. No doubt you&apos;ve all figured out by now that this is no ordinary assignment briefing.&quot;</p><p>Everyone glanced at each other.</p><p>&quot;Well fortunately, it&apos;s not a case of me breaking terrible news to you all,&quot; said Hinata. &quot;Well, it might be terrible news for some. But it could be worse! I could be sending you all off to die with a horribly dangerous mission. That would be bad.&quot;</p><p>More glances at each other.</p><p>&quot;In any case, here is the situation. Bunker 7-South is twenty kilometers from the front and is currently being evacuated via Dunley Station,&quot; continued Hinata. &quot;The incursion rate is currently close to nil, but that is dependent on how far one ventures into No Man&apos;s Land.&quot; She gestured at the map, which formed gradients across the front. &quot;Enemy behavior is currently surprisingly static. The intel we&apos;re getting is still being processed, and the situation is developing.&quot;</p><p>Emma snorted. That was military speak for &quot;we have some new information and are going to shoot something based on that&quot;. Great.</p><p>&quot;Now, as some of us will know, things have been dying down, but we&apos;ve needed every girl we had for demon containment before everyone had settled into the redoubt. Civilians and their panicking, you know. With the greater number of mages concentrated into a smaller area, it&apos;s become feasible to begin transitioning new girls into the wider combat force, preferably under the supervision of an older mage.&quot;</p><p>Emma suddenly had a sinking feeling. Hinata turned to face her.</p><p>&quot;Emma Sinclair, you are hereby placed in charge of provisional combat team four, which will consist of Vira Cheung and Motya Schoonenberg. Magadalena Baatori will get you up to speed on their status.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes sir,&quot; said Emma with, she thought, admirable steadiness in her voice. Goddess, was Hinata serious? Emma was barely even trained herself, how was she supposed to do this?</p><p>&quot;Ryouta Shizuki will be joining you for the duration of your deployment, or until such time as he is pulled back from the front,&quot; continued Hinata. She gestured at Ryouta. &quot;As I&apos;m sure you&apos;ve all figured out by now, he is part of GPM and will be working a photographic story on magical girl deployments. Please keep him safe.&quot;</p><p>Emma, Vira, and Motya nodded. &quot;Yes sir,&quot; they said in unison.</p><p>&quot;Team Four&apos;s mission will be to conduct demon patrol continually across Bunker 7-South&apos;s occupied areas and provide assistance to the Dunley Station garrison as necessary. When the bunker is evacuated, come back to 1-East for further orders. Coordinate with the local commander of 7-South for your specific patrol route. Any questions?&quot;</p><p>&quot;You have questions, I know you do,&quot; said Hinata to Emma privately. Emma fought back the urge to jump. &quot;Don&apos;t ask them now, I&apos;ll answer them in a bit.&quot;</p><p>Emma waited in simmering anxiety as the new girls ran through the usual stammered laundry list of anxious questions. She&apos;d done the same thing, of course, during their first drills in training, even if those had been significantly more complicated. They&apos;d gotten a very straightforward mission, and there weren&apos;t many ways for it to go. Of course, war time meant that the worst case scenario was quite terrifying.</p><p>The questions ended surprisingly quickly, a large number of them being deflected as up to Emma for finalization.</p><p>&quot;If there&apos;s nothing else, you have an hour to do whatever,&quot; said Hinata. &quot;Emma, you&apos;ll set the meeting point depending on how you want to handle things.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>&quot;Dismissed,&quot; said Hinata.</p><p>The group stood to go. &quot;Wait a moment,&quot; Hinata said privately to Emma. &quot;You had questions and I said I&apos;d answer them.&quot;</p><p>Emma paused as Ryouta exited. He nodded to her, then headed out.</p><p>&quot;I suppose your first question will be, why me?&quot; asked Hinata after the door shut.</p><p>Emma turned around and stood nervously in the office. She nodded as Hinata came around the desk and sat on its front and edge, swinging her legs back and forth. &quot;A more experienced girl would be better, wouldn&apos;t she?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Perhaps,&quot; said Hinata, smiling at Emma encouragingly. &quot;But you should have more confidence in yourself. Making team captain at age twelve is a hell of a resume booster, you know. You&apos;ve got skills that can be applied to this situation.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But there&apos;s so much that can go wrong,&quot; said Emma. She bit her lip and looked down at her feet. &quot;I mean, I can do some stuff well, but there&apos;s this offensive coming up and&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;But you can&apos;t control that,&quot; said Hinata, still smiling at her. &quot;You need to focus on what you can control, like what you&apos;re going to teach them to make sure they&apos;re prepared for whatever happens. Even if it means dying, you have to make sure their deaths will mean something.&quot;</p><p>Emma swallowed nervously.</p><p>&quot;Of course, you&apos;re scared about this. It&apos;d be worse if you weren&apos;t,&quot; said Hinata. She hopped down and took Emma by the hand. It was a strange feeling, looking down at someone who was trying to comfort you. Emma was used to looking the other way. It didn&apos;t help that when she met Hinata&apos;s eyes, she saw a century and a half of wisdom, not a child&apos;s innocence and naivety. &quot;Trust me. Being afraid, or at least knowing and understand the magnitude of what could happen, is good. It&apos;s important for being a good teacher. But don&apos;t let it control you. Recognize it and master it, so that you&apos;ll be able to do your job to the best of your ability.&quot;</p><p>&quot;What about your son?&quot;</p><p>To this, Hinata winced. &quot;I&#x2026; I cannot blame you if he gets hurt,&quot; she said, dropping Emma&apos;s hand and turning away. Takkun doesn&apos;t really understand combat or how bad it can get. He will need to be protected.&quot;</p><p>&quot;I&apos;ll do my best.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Of course you will,&quot; said Hinata. She turned. &quot;I wouldn&apos;t expect anything less from anyone under my command. You&apos;d better go get prepared, unless you have other questions?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Very well. Dismissed.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>