<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" lang="en">
  <head>
  <meta charset="UTF-8" />
  <title>10. Stepping Into the Sun</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="style.css" />
  </head>
<body><h1>10. Stepping Into the Sun</h1><div class="storytext xcontrast_txt nocopy" id="storytext"><p>The intervening hour between Emma&apos;s meet-up with her&#x2026; new subordinates and the end of the briefing was filled by an extended conference with Magdalena. It was a worrying conversation. Neither girl was particularly talented, nor did they have any supremely unusual powers. But, according to Magdalena, they worked hard and were fairly adaptable to new situations. Not amazing, but then again Emma wasn&apos;t sure she could handle a pair of insane prodigies.</p><p>Vira&apos;s primary magic was a type of auto-targeting, allowing her to hit with an improbably high rate of impact for anything within three kilometers. Her primary weapon was a bolt action rifle that, unfortunately, needed to be reloaded before every shot. Amusingly, Vira was also able to cram a huge amount of equipment into her pockets somehow, though Emma didn&apos;t laugh and instead worried about how that would translate into combat effectiveness.</p><p>Conversely, Motya&apos;s abilities centered around, of all things, distilled spirits. Bottles of vodka, specifically, and the ability to distill specific object properties into them. For example, one of the less successful attempts had been when Motya had distilled the high flammability of gasoline into a small bottle, then drunk it to see what would happen. The result, unfortunately, had been &quot;shoot fire out of mouth with every breath&quot; until the bottle had worn off. The various compositions could even be saved into her subconscious, or something, and recalled from a list that her magic automatically created.</p><p>Emma decided on an overland route to their next position. Dunley Station was the southernmost hub of Helsinberg&apos;s public railway system, and 7-South was consequently the farthest bunker from 1-East. Taking the subway there was, of course, easier, but working overland would let Emma point out some of the parts of military life that they would only have had a cortical dump on. It would also be convenient for Ryouta, and hopefully get a lot of photography out of the way early. He was a friendly enough, but Emma didn&apos;t relish having him follow them around on patrol.</p><p>First though, they needed to do the awkward meet-and-greet thing. Emma sighed as she rode the elevator up to surface level. She had decided to do the meeting over lunch, on the roof of the building 1-East was under. It was a fairly tall skyscraper, which would give them a good view of the surrounds, though the rear was substantially less shelled than the areas closer to the front. Emma had decided just to have one of the ration packs still stuffed into her backpack, but she suspected that there would be an attempt at delivery from a canteen by everyone else.</p><p>Emma sighed again. That would probably be one of the hardest parts about the transition for everyone involved. Food was important to morale.</p><p>The elevator dinged to a stop at the ground level and rolled open the doors. Emma nodded at a group of soldiers as she passed, waving off an aborted move to salute her. The building was apparently some sort of large office complex, with multiple companies listed on a bronze placard in the stone lining of the atrium. The concrete underneath had been exposed in multiple places, the military implanting heavy alloy cover barriers in to create cover where there had been none before. The building was in fact largely empty for the moment, most of the troops pulled away south or stationed in the very top floors as Signals Intelligence or sniper teams.</p><p>Emma needed to burn off some energy. Suddenly being handed a command like this was rather nerve-wracking, and she needed to do the team-captain-thing with a clear head. Instead of taking the elevator, she had elected to run up the side of the building. Such magic was pretty straightforward and one of the first things you were taught, after all. With a freshly purified soul gem and plenty of cubes, Emma could afford to&#x2014;</p><p>&#x2014;son of a bitch, it was raining again.</p><p>Emma forced back the urge to slam her forehead into the nearest wall. She would probably break something. Another trick they were taught was how to repulse water from them to stay dry. This was a bad plan if, say, you were trying to walk back to friendly lines after being MIA for an unspecified amount of time, but it was standard practice when cubes were plentiful.</p><p>With a shimmer of magic, Emma stepped out into the rain. An IFV rumbled by as she stepped back, splashing water up onto her. Emma frowned in annoyance as she shook further stray water off of her, then ran towards the wall. She jumped, pulling magic around her feet, and landed with a small splatting noise on the wall.</p><p>&#x2026;Good, the water wasn&apos;t going to be a problem. Ayane had been briefly notorious for sliding off of a building in the sims because of heavy rain. Of course, there had been more than one girl who had done that, but Ayane was particularly ironic since she was a flyer.</p><p>In any case, Emma hitched her backpack more tightly on her and began running. Magical strength made this dramatically easier. Emma could feel herself start to grin as she accelerated, pushing her magic ahead of her to create a field without water and keep her vision clear. Getting out and about, finally, was immensely gratifying.</p><p>&quot;Hey, friendly incoming,&quot; Emma broadcast over the LAN. &quot;Don&apos;t shoot!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Roger that,&quot; said one of the magical girls dryly. &quot;Wall running?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Psh. Kids.&quot;</p><p>Emma rolled her eyes as she shot up the wall, bouncing from window sill to window sill slightly giddily. A bit of aeromaneuver even let her start doing barrel rolls and somersaults. She flew past a sniper post.</p><p>&quot;Oh Goddess, really?&quot; groaned the magical girl covering it. &quot;C&apos;mon kid, calm your shit.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Screw you!&quot; Emma called back, before throwing herself into a skid to chop speed. The lip of the roof came a moment later, and Emma planted a hand, then popped over top with a somersault and a picture perfect landing.</p><p>Unfortunately, Ryouta was too busy huddling under rain gear to notice. He appeared to be soaked, as were Vira and Motya.</p><p>&quot;Well then, hello,&quot; said Emma dryly, standing up and examining the situation. As expected, everyone was soaked, gratuitously annoyed at her, and generally miserable in the midst of the point defense turrets installed atop the roof. &quot;How is everyone?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Fantastic,&quot; said Vira with desert-like aridity to her voice. &quot;Really great. Lovin&apos; the weather.&quot;</p><p>Motya sniffed. Ryouta simply gave Emma a look of deepest loathing.</p><p>&quot;So we have two magical girls here,&quot; said Emma, folding her arms. &quot;Did neither of you think to use magic to stay dry?&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya blinked at her, before muttering curses and shimmering briefly with deep blue and red magic, respectively. Water jumped off of them, splattering Ryouta. Emma sighed. Right then.</p><p>&quot;So what about me?&quot; asked Ryouta. &quot;I&apos;m not magical.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Motya?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Huh?&quot; asked Motya. &quot;What am I supposed to do?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Vodka.&quot;</p><p>Motya blinked at her.</p><p>&quot;Your powers shouldn&apos;t be limited to only magical girls,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Most support mages aren&apos;t, especially the musical mages. If you&apos;ve got something in your repertoire that&apos;s potentially good for the cold and wet, Ryouta can have a drink and feel better.&quot;</p><p>Motya blinked again, then gasped and conjured a folio into her hands. It was made of black leather with stalks of wheat and barley, fruit, and a scattering of potatoes embossed in gold on the cover.</p><p>&quot;Uh, I could try the time I distilled a towel?&quot; asked Motya. &quot;It didn&apos;t do anything that I could tell in the bunker, but maybe since it&apos;s raining?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Try it and see,&quot; said Emma.</p><p>Motya pulled the bottle out of the air and checked the label. Sure that it was the right one, she handed it to Ryouta.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s best to drink it all in one go,&quot; said Motya. &quot;Your tox-filters should take care of things.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right then,&quot; said Ryouta, unable to restrain a dubious look at the bottle as he unscrewed the top. &quot;Well&#x2026; bottoms up I guess.&quot;</p><p>There was a tentative silence as everyone watched him drink, the bottle glugging as he swallowed as quickly as the burning, high proof beverage ran down his throat.</p><p>Ryouta shivered and made a face as he finished the bottle. &quot;Ugh, how do people drink this stuff?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Hey, I just make the stuff,&quot; said Motya, giggling at his expression. &quot;How do you feel?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Um&#x2026; not that much different, honestly,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;Still wet. Is something supposed to happen?&quot;</p><p>&quot;I think so?&quot; asked Motya, glancing at Emma. &quot;Um, maybe wait a&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta gasped as a flash of red magic rippled out of his stomach, flashing over his body and making the water on him disappear with almost violent haste.</p><p>&quot;Ah, fuck, ow, ow, that stings!&quot; Ryouta yelped, dancing in place briefly as the magic hovered over his skin, flickered, and then vanished. There was a brief moment of panic as Motya scrambled for more vodka, Vira rummaged through her pockets for some sort of medical supply, and Emma nearly collapsed laughing.</p><p>&quot;Oi, this isn&apos;t funny!&quot; Ryouta said indignantly as Emma summoned a halberd to lean against. Then he was mobbed.</p><p>&quot;Here do you need&#x2014;?&quot; asked Vira.</p><p>&quot;No, I&apos;m fine, it doesn&apos;t hurt&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Take this, it should help&#x2014;,&quot; said Motya, pressing a bottle of vodka into his hands.</p><p>&quot;No really, it&apos;s just&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh, but maybe you should take this instead&#x2014;?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No, no, he needs a hypo, your magic&apos;s just gonna make it worse!&quot;</p><p>&quot;No I can fix this, I just need to&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright, stop,&quot; said Emma, still somewhat breathless from laughter as she pulled Vira and Motya back. &quot;It&apos;s good that you&apos;re both so conscientious, but calm down. He&apos;s fine, see?&quot;</p><p>A moment of silence. Then Motya sighed in relief, patting at her chest.</p><p>&quot;Jeez, I thought I&apos;d done something wrong,&quot; she said. &quot;You&apos;re really okay?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, I feel fine,&quot; said Ryouta, holding out an arm. &quot;I&apos;m dry too. The water&apos;s disappearing before it hits my arm.&quot;</p><p>&quot;There&apos;s probably a limit,&quot; said Motya. She stored away the two random bottles and summoned a few more bottles of the towel-vodka. &quot;Here, keep these in your knapsack and drink some every once in a while. It should keep you dry.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Alright, thank you,&quot; said Ryouta. He tucked the bottles away into his knapsack.</p><p>Emma turned to Vira, who had retreated a ways and was watching quietly. &quot;What were you planning on giving him?&quot; she asked.</p><p>&quot;Huh&#x2014; oh, it was just a hypo of subopiorinate,&quot; said Vira, pulling the hypo out to show Emma. &quot;I thought if he&apos;d ingested something, then any effects would probably be systemic. His implants would manage any toxins, so it would be important to treat the symptoms incase it was magical and we needed to get a medic.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;That&apos;s not bad thinking,&quot; she complimented. &quot;Though you know, that&apos;s really only for uh, things like drone attack. It&apos;s a little bit overkill for this.&quot; More like completely overkill and possibly dangerous, but Vira didn&apos;t really need Emma to say that outloud.</p><p>Vira looked down at the hypo, rapidly paling as she considered the implications. &quot;O-oh, right. Sorry, sir.&quot;</p><p>Emma rolled her eyes. Smart girl, but wow, that was formal. &quot;Call me by my name. Or do the Japanese thing and call me &apos;senpai&apos;, I&apos;m used to that. Now c&apos;mon, I called this meeting so we could eat lunch, but I guess we should go a floor down for that. Wet food is annoying.&quot;</p><p>It was easier to go down stairs via the building&apos;s roof access, especially with Ryouta along. The top level of the building was some sort of gala space, suitable for entertaining large numbers of important guests for corporate events. It had since been converted into a massively powerful sensor room, with huge auxiliary power generators in case of a failure in the power lines.</p><p>&quot;Goddess,&quot; said Ryouta, struck by the sheer magnitude of what he was seeing. &quot;This is immense.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Eh, it&apos;s about average,&quot; said Emma. She led the small group towards an alcove where a soldier could be seen smoking a cigarette and monitoring a readout. &quot;There&apos;s one of these in just about every tower in the city. The only exceptions would be the ones that are too bombed out to be effective structure or cover.&quot; She turned to the soldier in the alcove. &quot;Private, is this space being used?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well let me check the music room&#x2014;,&quot; the soldier began sarcastically, before realizing who he was talking too and snapping to attention and saluting. &quot;I-I mean, no sir!&quot;</p><p>&quot;At ease,&quot; said Emma with a sigh, returning the salute. &quot;As you were, Private, I was just being courteous.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Right sir, of course,&quot; said the soldier, Private Reynolds. &quot;Apologies, sir, for being disrespectful.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Private, I&apos;m fourteen,&quot; said Emma as she waved her group towards a table in the corner. &quot;You can save the respect thing for when I turn forty, alright?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Er, right.&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded and left, exasperated. To some extent, she understood what was happening, but the cognitive dissonance was just too much for her. Having completed training, maybe she&apos;d feel differently, but all this saluting and ten-hutting did not strike her as natural.</p><p>&quot;Does that happen a lot?&quot; asked Vira quietly.</p><p>&quot;You get used to it,&quot; said Emma, sitting down. &quot;In the bunker, mages get kind of segregated, but everyone gets mixed together more in combat. Just don&apos;t let it go to your head, &apos;kay?&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya nodded.</p><p>&quot;Did you guys order lunch?&quot; asked Emma, leaning against the table casually. Vira and Motya were sitting on opposite sides of Ryouta, who was looking slightly uncomfortable at the situation. Both girls were still tense, though it seemed that they&apos;d managed to relax a bit since the briefing.</p><p>&quot;Uh, we weren&apos;t sure what was going to happen, so we waited,&quot; said Vira. Motya seemed to have descended into a sort of awkward insecurity with the situation. &quot;Should we get something from the canteen or..?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Nah, I&apos;ve got some food packs,&quot; said Emma, pulling the packets out of her backpack. The teddy bear was still in there. Heh. She&apos;d forgotten about it. &quot;Here, take your pick.&quot;</p><p>Vira immediately pulled a packet of roast turkey towards her. Motya and Ryouta spent more time, unsure, before taking a packet of Seafood Paella and Turbot a L&apos;anglaise, respectively. Emma glanced at Vira, who was giving the other two a look of deepest incredulity, before shifting sideways minutely.</p><p>Hmm.</p><p>&quot;So tell me about yourselves,&quot; said Emma, selecting the sole packet of Beef Bourguignon in the pile. &quot;Things you like, things you hate, stuff like that. Vira, you want to go first?&quot;</p><p>Vira blinked. She had already begun systematically laying out her meal, sorting things in a practiced manner and beginning the heating process. &quot;Er, well, alright. I guess um, I like football and being a magical girl. Um, I don&apos;t like uh&#x2026; people who look down on me. Is that enough?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Any dreams for the future or something like that?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Um, not really?&quot; said Vira. &quot;I guess, I figure I&apos;ll make this a career, you know?&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;I&apos;ve kind of got similar plans. You want to do anything in particular?&quot;</p><p>&quot;MagOps is cool,&quot; said Vira, brightening. &quot;One of them swung through for patrol duty once, she was awesome! Totally smooth, yanno?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yeah, they&apos;re pretty wicked,&quot; said Emma. &quot;Dangerous job though.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah, well, can&apos;t be much worse than runnin&apos; &apos;round the docks,&quot; said Vira, shrugging. &quot;Lotsa equipment, yanno. Get ya crushed if yur not careful.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Don&apos;t they have safety protocols for that though?&quot; asked Motya. She and Ryouta had managed to figure out her packet quickly, but Vira and Emma were already starting to eat.</p><p>&quot;Yah, like that actually matters,&quot; snorted Vira as she stirred her potatoes and turkey gravy into a slurry. &quot;It&apos;s more productive to just hack &apos;em and make the equipment go faster. You gotta watch the lanes pretty carefully when yur movin&apos; &apos;round the docks, in case a drone comes zippin&apos; round the corner.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Does anyone get hurt?&quot; asked Ryouta, somewhat incredulous. &quot;I mean, surely they don&apos;t go that quickly.&quot;</p><p>Vira gave both Ryouta and Motya a flat look.</p><p>&quot;Seriously?&quot;</p><p>Vira sighed and turned back to Emma. &quot;Anyway, yeah, like I said, it can&apos;t be that bad. You gotta be quick on yur feet in the docks, but you can get a few cred for the shadier guys if yur good.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Ahuh,&quot; said Emma, looking at Vira with a raised eyebrow. &quot;So I guess you could say you&apos;re pretty good at this sort of thing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yeah, it&apos;s not like the police are super anal if you show up to school enough,&quot; said Vira, shrugging. &quot;Really, the police are there to make sure you don&apos;t fuck with the rich peeps too much, yanno?&quot;</p><p>&quot;That&apos;s terrible!&quot; said Motya, completely horrified. &quot;That&apos;s&#x2026; that&apos;s so corrupt!&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yah, welcome to the real world, princess,&quot; said Vira dryly. She glanced at Ryouta, who looked troubled. &quot;And-or prince, I guess.&quot;</p><p>Emma did her level best not to be too surprised by this. She&apos;d had her introduction to the less-than-savory parts of Samsaran society earlier.</p><p>&quot;So what about you, Motya?&quot; asked Emma, shifting her attention as the heat cycle finished for Ryouta and Motya. &quot;Same questions.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Uh well, I um&#x2026; I like wine?&quot; said Motya awkwardly. &quot;And uh, well, alcoholic beverages in general. Not to drink, I mean! But uh, my family is opening a vineyard, was opening a vineyard, and I guess I&apos;ve taken after that.&quot;</p><p>Emma sent Vira a look to keep her from commenting. &quot;I heard that your parents are working on genetically modified syrah?&quot; asked Emma.</p><p>&quot;Oh, yes, and cabernet sauvignon,&quot; said Motya. &quot;Red wine is a little easier than white wine, for reasons I&apos;m not entirely sure of, but the grapes seem to be taking to the soil better than the white wine varietals. We recently purchased a plot in the valley, but uh&#x2026; well&#x2026;&quot;</p><p>Emma nodded. &quot;Right, bit of a problem this. Any dislikes?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Poor wine,&quot; said Motya immediately, then blushed. &quot;N-not to be, uh, too privileged or&#x2026; uh&#x2026; stuff.&quot;</p><p>Vira quietly snorted.</p><p>&quot;But I guess, since my parents usually can get very good wine, it&apos;s always been irritating when someone does a poor job with the grapes they have,&quot; continued Motya. &quot;If you&apos;re going to spend the time to make wine, you should try to do it well.&quot;</p><p>An admirable sentiment, if, judging by Vira&apos;s expression, one not universally accepted. &quot;Any dreams for the future?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Well&#x2026; I always wanted to help my parents with their work on the vines,&quot; said Motya, looking down and opening her packet. &quot;I actually was on a bioengineering track before con&#x2014; eurgh!&quot;</p><p>Vira keeled over laughing as the immensely pungent smell of fish wafted from Motya&apos;s food pack. Emma rolled her eyes and took it all in stride as Ryouta looked askance at the food pack.</p><p>&quot;Yes, so, one of the many lessons you will need to learn is that the seafood options are always extraordinarily pungent,&quot; said Emma dryly, spooning up a mouthful of beef. &quot;Paella comes with chili sauce. It&apos;s recommended that you use all of it.&quot;</p><p>&quot;So uh, what should I do about mine?&quot; asked Ryouta, poking at his food packet. &quot;Can I get a new one?&quot;</p><p>&quot;No,&quot; said Emma and Vira in unison. Emma gave the younger girl a quelling look. &quot;No, Ryouta, you eat it, because you never, ever waste food. Just dump the chili sauce on top, it&apos;ll be fine.&quot;</p><p>Ryouta screwed up his face in distaste and cautiously opened his heated food pack. Someone had made the fortunate decision to douse the fish inside with butter, which mediated the smell somewhat. It still made him wince.</p><p>&quot;You know, Turbot a L&apos;anglaise, done properly, is supposed to be a very light dish,&quot; commented Ryouta. &quot;I think in this case, it might have been better just to deep fry the thing.&quot;</p><p>&quot;In any case,&quot; said Emma. &quot;You were saying about your dreams, Motya?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Oh yes, I was going to say I was doing bioengineering before I contracted,&quot; said Motya, pouring the chili sauce into her paella. &quot;The research group I was in was investigating resilience of European grape varietals to local microbial agents. The idea was to prevent crop loss due to malignant infection, while preserving interaction with the environment that would allow the grapes to develop a unique flavor for the region.&quot;</p><p>The group blinked collectively at her. It was all a bit over their heads, none of them having taken biology lessons past the secondary level. For that matter, Emma barely remembered primary level biology, having relied on Infopedia for most of her information during her stint in logistics.</p><p>&quot;It&apos;s&#x2026; trying to make wine grapes less sick all the time,&quot; sighed Motya. &quot;Anyway, it wasn&apos;t an ambitious dream. My life was good as it was, and I had no desire to upset that balance.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Why contract then?&quot; asked Vira. Acid bled into her tone. &quot;If yur life was so fine n&apos; dandy&#x2014;.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Contrary to popular belief, Vira, while the residents of DownSouth are rather more privileged, we do not have less pride and loyalty to our city or our colony,&quot; said Motya, voice turning brittle from finely held indignation. &quot;I have been&#x2026; ignorant of the problems that plague Helsinberg, but I will not cede my home to invaders without fighting for it first.&quot;</p><p>Emma looked between the two magical girls. The princess and the pauper. &quot;Play nice you two,&quot; she said. &quot;Maybe if you hadn&apos;t contracted, things would be different, but we&apos;re all magical girls here. We all have demons to kill and cubes to burn.&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya looked down at their food in pointed silence. Ryouta fidgeted uncomfortably.</p><p>&quot;And, I think, we&apos;re all afraid,&quot; said Emma, more quietly. &quot;There&apos;s a war going on, after all, and dying&apos;s no fun. We have to support each other, even if in the past, we would have gladly punched someone in the face.&quot;</p><p>Vira snickered at this.</p><p>&quot;If you do need to let off some steam, we can arrange something, but you&apos;re not to start going at it,&quot; said Emma. Bickering team members always destroyed team success and she needed to nip this in the bud, now. &quot;We need clear heads and good teamwork if we&apos;re going to succeed. Fighting between each other will open holes in our defense and get us all killed, by demon blast or worse. Is that understood?&quot;</p><p>Vira and Motya didn&apos;t react for a moment, before nodding individually. Emma spotted them glancing warily at each other from the corners of their eyes.</p><p>Good enough for now then.</p><p>&quot;Right, finish lunch, then we should get going. Ryouta, you&apos;ll follow us there from the subway?&quot;</p><p>&quot;Yes, I&apos;ve got my pass arranged already,&quot; said Ryouta. &quot;We&apos;ll just need to do some finalization on the drones I&apos;ll have accompanying you and do some software stuff before you go.&quot;</p><p>&quot;Wait, we&apos;re not going by subway?&quot; asked Motya. &quot;How are we going to get to 7-South?&quot;</p><p>Emma smiled and glanced at Vira, who was rapidly drawing the correct conclusion and clearly not happy about it.</p><p>&quot;We,&quot; Emma said, &quot;will be going by roof.&quot;</p>
</div></body></html>